screaming kids in my complex are my trigger!I'm new to this forum- 43 and have had anxiety for many years and have an issue I can't seem to get out of my mind no matter what I try. I'm having an issue where I live( a townhome complex with strata-my mom and brother own and I am not listed as an owner but help pay the strata fee each other and pay my own way, I'm on disability) with the strata council. I have been having a big issue with small children screaming outside my home this year(on and off over the 3 1/2 years but it has been worse than normal) and I swore at them so the mother decided to write a complaint against me. I found out last month in the minutes and in a letter that they were going to decide if they were going to fine me and even look into getting me evicted(which I'm sure they can't as I'm not a tenant but this has been on my mind as it's a big fear as I rented for 24 years before we bought this place and I've never been evicted but had places sold and was forced to move afew times). I haven't received a fine yet but could still get one as the strata here is slow-I wrote a long letter explaining my health, my issue with the children, that I can not move due to my physical and mental health. I know I should want to move to get away from the noise but I need a full bathroom in the basement(which is almost rare in a townhome) and my own space to live esp. in the summer, I need a basement bedroom. I've been looking but none for sale in my area have full basements in the basement or are too expensive that my family can't afford. Anyway, it is the first thought that comes to my mind when I wake up early in the morning and on and off during the day. I have been trying to find help in my community but there isn't much help for those with anxiety. I am trying to be positive and do things that make me feel good like time with my pets, writing, going to the gym, walking and reading but I still can't get it out of my head. I've always been a loner and quieter so I don't have any friends near me or anyone to talk to. I write in my journal but that isn't enough either. Help! as for noise, I am enjoying the damp/wet days as no kids are around and have earplugs or will listen to my headphones if it does get crazy, which will happen this summer -I'm abit of a homebody but do go out somewhere each day. I did call some people to see what I could find out about what they can do to me and none put me at ease enough that nothing bad was going to happen to me.catnut