I would be an awesome person, if...I would be fucking awesome, If I still believed in free will.I would have confidence, I would be outgoing, I would be happy, I would be loving and caring, I would move and exercise, I would restore my family relations, and I would generally be acceptive of life and be braver than I ever thought was even possible without faking it.As I'm writing this, I pretend I have free will, and it feels awesome. I have no problems, I have no sadness or anxiety, and no fear of insanity. I want to eat well and I want to make myself a better person, loving person, who isn't afraid of his imperfections. But, alas, I know that at some point, my mind being as it is, it will catch up to me, and I will maybe have another breakdown. The pain is unreal, when I realize I'm not in control. It gives me the feeling that I'm slipping into a psychosis I will never ever come back from, and the feeling that I might have good moments in all this shit just doesn't cut it.ÊAfter my breakdown 3 years ago, I lived an awesome life sort of, in a way that I did a lot of things and met a lot of people, I was all in all happy, and even when i was sad, I knew why and I decided it was ok to be sad. It was my decision.ÊBut it's all been taken away from me by this seemingly philosophical fact, and I can't find any way to form any other way of thinking about it in my head, that I would accept, that I would feel comfortable with for the rest of my days. And I wouldn't mind a certain amount of sadness from this issue. The fact is, that the way I am right now, I am relatively afraid to even leave the house, because I can never know when I might have a fit of slipping away into the void, or at the very least, having a panic attack. I lost a good relationship because of this, because I was afraid to go and see her in another country. I hurt her a lot, because there was no way to explain all this to her, and I hurt myself in the process. She will get over it. I will and have gotten over losing her, but I feel I can't get over this, and thus I am fucked.I'm trying to tell myself all kinds of things to keep me going. I tell myself, that it's a tough break, but life is free and I should live it. But it doesn't help always. I tell myself, that "I" am the rational part of my brain, that self determination is enough, but it isn't a permanent solution. I tell myself that free will as a concept is illogical, that I expect too much from life, that what we have is near perfect, because we have the ability to be logical, go through options, choose the best one, but that doesn't help permanently. I try to tell myself, that I shouldn't take things so seriously. But again, when it gets bad, none of this will really feel as a permanent solution to my problem, but ways to fool myself. Some of these things gets me really close to perfect, i.e the self determination, and the concept of free will being a bit of a dilemma.ÊI have tried picturing my problem in different ways that would give me some sort of mental stability. But alas, I have been unable to do so. And the more I fight it, the more tired I get, and the more tired I get, the more I will be heading towards suicide, or permanent placement inside an asylum.ÊI have tried to exist in a way where I have no free will. I have tried it, and it sort of works a part of the time, when for some reason or another I don't feel as bad. It makes me apathetic, it makes me cynical even, it makes me into something I do not wish to be. It also seems impossible for me to uphold. On monday, I felt really really really bad, almost as bad as three years ago, right before my hospitalization. I took a pill for it, and it helped, but I understand I can't really be living this life as "free" as I would want to, if I have to keep eating addictive drugs to keep me going, because then I fear, that the breakdown will be even worse, if this problem ever manages to seep through the haze of the drugs. As soon as I started exercising, I got strength, and I ended up feeling the way I feel now, because for a moment I think I became strong enough to start feeling in control again. But to me, this only means, that another break is coming.ÊI have studied philosophy, firstly because I am really good at it, but now solely to find answers to this problem, but everything anyone has ever said, seems weak, and illogical, they seem like the kind of things I cannot accept, because they do not fit in with reality. The only exception being the self determination thing, and that I really need to perfect somehow, as my only life line and hope, for any chance of a better future for me. And by better I mean, living outside of a hospital.As you surely can see, this is no minor issue, this is a breaking issue. This thing has ruined my fucking life. I imagine, if I could go back, and stop myself from reading philosophy, would I do it, or maybe this problem has always been present inside me, subconsciously, and reading philosophy just gave me the words to describe it. But I don't know what it could've been to stop me from learning. And here I am, unafraid of death, not wanting to die, everything is awesome in a way, I have settled the score with the universe on each and every other count, except this one. I've worked hard, but as the problem inheres, that doesn't feel like anything when I fall back to my regular stance of not pretending to be in control, because things happen and that's it. When I laugh, I am reminded of this problem, when I see animals move around I see this problem, EVERYTHING in the fucking universe reminds me of this issue, so it's not something I can just bury down inside me and forget, like i saw a murder I can't bare to remember. Anything that ever happens reminds me of this, and I am constantly bombarded by this fact, and it is messing me up big time.I don't really want advice right now, I don't want to sound too arrogant, but I figure I've heard it all before, and nothing has been convincing, and I've seen the fault in all the counter arguments. Except, again, possibly the self determinism argument.This is about me finding out a way to live with this, that doesn't destroy me. There are things worse than death, and that, for me, is losing my whole identity, myself, and actually admitting, that this world got the best of me completely, and life is actually nothing but torture, when you think about it, and if you tell people on this planet not to think about some things, for me that equals the same as intellect being absolutely pointless when it comes down to the facts, and that life in itself is nothing but mental torture, and that we should all die, every one of us, or at the very least, that if we all died, it wouldn't matter one singe fucking bit. And I'm not talking about some external purpose, I mean, just being happy, AND honest to oneself, would not be enough anymore.I am in a new relationship now, after being alone and loving it for a really long time, and I would just love to be happy, alone or with someone preferably of course, there are no problems in this life other than this, and this one problem breaks my entire life. I am running out of steam now, this is as far as I can pretend to be in control. Now I don't know what will happen. This problem is making my sanity fight for every single breath I take, and single second I am alive, and no one can live like that. No one. I'm tired, I would love to rest my mind on something solid, because otherwise I will die soon, and I have to leave behind a son, whose father committed suicide, not because life was hard, I don't give a shit, but because life is so absurd, that you need to be stupid or intellectually dishonest with yourself in order to survive, and I need to wish he never becomes like me, though he has already caught the love of philosophy at age 10, and thus I see little hope for him either.ÊFuck. I am fucked. Am I fucked?Huge Anxiety SpikeI was writing here around three years ago. I had enormous anxiety, and I was hospitalized soon after.I haven't felt really bad in ages. Now, when I've exercised for a few months, feeling happy etc, I just got a huge spike in anxiety, and I mean borderline cry fit, just like 3 years ago. Three years ago I started crying and it wouldn't stop for a month, from morning to night. And then I ended up in hospital after I decided to end my life. I can't take this anymore.. I have a girlfriend now, I thought I had worked out most of my problems and I thought I was almost in the clear. I knew the real issue would always just lurk in the background, but I thought that maybe I could just somehow make it through this life without suicide or a permanent life in hospital. I feel I had worked quite hard to give up on a lot of things, to accept life as it is, and then maybe begin enjoying it.But apparently not. I don't want to go to hospital, especially now that things were good, and especially that I know, that this will just jump at me again when I get out and when I stop taking the addictive drugs. I dont' want to lose my life again, I don't want to go insane, it is so fucking scary. I wish this would just go away now.