Struggling to help partner with Asperger's and chronic anxiety disorderHello, I'm going to be posting this in a lot of places on the internet tonight, in the hope of finding somthing of use! I will try to keep it brief. My partner has Asperger's, and he is very high functioning (most people find him arrogant, opposed to realising he is on the spectrum). He has always suffered with depression, however, he has recently been suffering with anxiety and has been diagnosed with chronic anxiety disorder. He has tried various drugs via the GP, but all of them have had horrible side affects with him, so he doesn't think medicine is going to be the way to tackle this. He has also had counselling in the past, and hated it (I can sympathise, I found counselling totally pointless).We have now reached a wall. I was quite firm with him yesterday and told him that he cannot just accept how he is feeling (panic attacks, suicidal thoughts), and that he has to make an effort to tackle the issues he has. He said he can accept the depression as he has always had it, but the anxiety is definitely within the last 2 years, so my thoughts are that surely this can be reversed? He was told by the person his GP referred him to (who diagnosed the anxiety disorder), that he might just be "one of those people who is just sad" and that was that. I'm personally disgusted that she said that, as I believe it has made him give up on the idea of working on this problem.One problem we have though, is that he refuses to go back to the GP. His reasoning is that he wants to apply to the police in the future, and mental health problems are viewed in a bad light, so he wants to keep them off his records (I personally disagree with this, but he is not budging).ÊDue to his Asperger's (I think) he is very closed to the idea of a lot of the "self help" methods. I insisted he try things before snubbing them, but when we read through a list of self help tips on the NHs website earlier, he scoffed at all of them. He cannot see any point in things like breathing exercises and relaxation techniques. He said he would "shut me up" by enrolling onto a course offered by Mind, but they told him due to his postcode they have nothing to offer him.ÊTo briefly explain how his anxiety affects him: we have a business together and he cannot leave me unattended incase "something" (which he cannot explain or describe) happens to me, if I don't answer my phone he instantly assumes I've been raped/attacked/died etc., he said he feels constantly "frightened" but he doesn't know what of, he convinces himself that he has severe illnesses regularly, he cries regularly about the thought of family members dying, he doesn't want me to drive on the motorway for fear of an accident, he's struggling to get any sleep and when he does sleep it's always disturbed, suicidal thoughts almost daily and the list goes on.Has anyone had to deal with someone like this? Who is completely against all of the methods? Has anyone thought the self help methods were stupid, but tried them and were proved wrong? I'm feeling desperate.