Things Mounting Up.Hi,I have not posted on NMP for a while only some replies. I have been having a bad time over the last couple of months and it is starting to get to me now and my anxiety levels are building and I am feeling crap especially in the mornings.I have been having trouble on EBay with a buyer demanding a refund and becoming quite aggressive with his messages and now one buyer who won't pay I only used eBay to make a little extra money not to have this stress.I am having money troubles as I am unemployed and have to sell my car next week after its MOT which I am not looking forward to.My mother went on holiday over a week ago and hasn't contacted me since I think she Is tired of my anxiety issues and wants a break even though I listen to hers and deal with her alcohol problems, she does lend me money sometimes but can be guilty of ignoring problems and hoping they go away, I do care for her but a phone call now and again would be nice.GP seems to think I am ok and said I should take up jogging and keep taking my medication (citalopram and propanol).I have done counselling before and CBT but they only work short term and the counselling just goes round in circles I just don't think I am disciplined and open minded enough.Sorry for going on I now these things resolve themselves eventually but I am mentally exhausted with money troubles, employment trouble and family.I get stressed out with seemingly trivial things and wonder how I am going to work again when I struggle with the basics.To top it all I broke a tooth last week and have to go to the dentist 





Anger IssuesHi,I have posted a few times in the last couple of weeks and my anxiety and depression seems to have got worse recently .A lot of the symptoms I can tolerate on the whole as I have been suffering with GAD and social anxiety for many years but at the moment my temper can be bad in certain situations and I seem to struggle to control it . Normally I would walk away from situations or ignore them but my fight or flight is definitely fight! at the moment a red mist seems to descend and I swear out loud or square up to people who I feel have been bad mannered or rude.It is the classic trigger situations such as busy shops, streets , buses etc. and loud noises can trigger a response. A lot of the time I regret my actions and try to remember not to fall for it again or get drawn in to petty squabbling or pushing when I feel someone is going to walk in front of me or jump a queue, I also get angry with people speaking loudly on mobile phones which I think is bad manners and intrusive.I hope these stupid aggressive outburst will pass and I know that its my anxiety making it worse but I worry I will get myself in trouble or someone else, I don't think I would be violent but a meltdown in public would really upset me at the moment.I hope I do not sound too much like a thug or a stereotypical male who is not dealing with his anger/anxiety issues, typing this down helps me put it into perspective and I wondered if any one else suffered with anger problems.Cheers Bob