Any advice for going to the doctor about anxiety?Hi! I'm new to this forum so hopefully I am using it right haha.Anyway, I basically joined this site because I have what I think is anxiety since December so I'm going to the doctor tomorrow since I'm getting sick of the thoughts, nausea feeling and constant crying.I'll try to keep this as short as possible.I have constant thoughts about being homeless one day. I am currently a student in university UK so I get student finance. I have £2100 left in my account and £1000 coming in soon but I can't spend it otherwise I will panic. I sometimes skip meals because in my head that means 'money saved which can go towards better things'. I bought a new laptop for £200 for uni and I hated myself so much for a month and kept thinking about all the other stuff I could have spent it on.Linking with University, I panic over university. I'm going back on Sunday and I've cried everyday (I feel so pathetic for a 19 year old but oh well). I can't go into my shared kitchen (with 8 other people) without first hyperventilating in my room. I have to listen out to hear when nobody is in there so I can just go in there on my own.I have fear over health and my parents dying (even though they're in their 40's and healthy as far as I am concerned). This means I constantly nag my dad to stop drinking so much alcohol and told them we should stop eating fast food. I also fear my own health and think I am ill constantly.I don't go out with my friends as much anymore. Partly because of my fear of spending money but also because I get nervous and panicky. I have thoughts like 'I'll probably lose them and then get raped and murdered', so I just stay in because it's 'safer'. This is so out of character for me since I used to be such a party animal and now I just don't want to leave my house.Sometimes I'll just be watching TV and then feel anxious and sick for no reason whatsoever and just burst out crying!Like I said, all of this is out of character for me, I mean I've always been a worrier but not this excessive. I think the worst and can't help it. It's caused me to lose sleep - i don't sleep til like 4am. I cry ALL THE TIME. I sometimes (but rarely) hyperventilate.I'm going back to Uni this weekend and I want some sort of medication to get me through the next 2 months, since I'm at my worst when I am at University and just can't cope. I literally feel like crying as I write this :'( I've tried yoga and exercising more but it just doesn't help.Like I said, I've only had it since December and I think it was triggered by falling out with a load of people (I only have 3 friends now) and because of this I'm constantly lonely in University. My ex boyfriend also spread rumours about me sleeping around and called me mentally damaged, used up etc. I just hate myself so much atm :'( So I think it's time to see a dr but does anyone have any advice? Since I don't want her just to tell me to 'breathe and exercise' since I literally can't cope and want medication 