Survived airport, now in hidingI swear, being trapped in that airport for seven hours nearly gave me a nervous breakdown. It was jam packed with people and all I could do was close my eyes and try not to flip out. The flight was two hours and much turbulence. By the time we finally arrived at my father in laws I was completely spent. I can't mess with my sleep schedule or it can set off mood swings. Anybody else have that? So, I have been sleeping like a zombie for the past 24 hours. Finally starting to feel better. Now I simply have to deal with my type A husband who wants to go,go, go. Not for me. Too much anxiety! Wish me luck, friends-- I have to visit relatives and find a way to get through it.Trapped in airport about to lose my mindWe are taking a trip to visit my husband's father in Florida today. Unfortunately, my husband and I had a very ugly spat this morning and the last thing I wanted to do was go anywhere with him. He was abusive: telling me I'm so fat he no longer finds me attractive and then threatening that if I did not accompany him on this trip he'd divorce me. I felt so degraded and manipulated. But his dad just lost his wife to cancer and part of me felt an obligation to Opa. So the car arrived and I went ahead and decided to go. I had been crying and felt like complete crap and then we arrive at the airport where hundreds of people are swarming. It was as if the entire metropolitan area was there and my heart was just pounding. We finally get to our gate and are told our flight will be delayed by six hours. Six hours!!! I am trying to insulate myself in one of the passenger clubs; vodka. I really want to get out of here and go home! Too much shit for one day.Surviving the holidayThank god, it's over! I love my family so much but having a house full of people puts me over the edge. My sister came to stay and that was a bit difficult-- I asked her at one point if she would mind if I took a nap--I've been tired since my surgery. She wasn't very nice about it and asked me resentfully what she was supposed to do while I rested. I offered several options but she shot them all down. I took my nap anyways because I have to take care of myself. Then there was the madness of preparing the meal. We did have splendid feast but doing all those dishes? I'd rather be put on the rack! I am wiped out. Sigh. Shaking in my bootsSo, my surgery is tomorrow and I'm so scared. I don't want anyone to touch me. I don't want the sudden blackness of anesthesia. And if the surgery doesn't accomplish all they think it should, they will wait until I'm awake to determine this- they will continue operating while I'm awake. I pray this doesn't happen. They assured me they would use a numbing agent but I knew immediately that meant getting shots around my eyes. I have to get through this and being a sobbing idiot isn't going to help. Born blind in left eyeI've posted about my upcoming surgery on both eyes. When I was a little girl, right after my dad killed himself, I had to have surgery on my left eye. My mother was no comfort and threw herself over my body as they wheeled me into surgery crying out things like, "don't let my baby die!". I don't blame her, she'd lost her husband and was scared. But it scared the crap out of me. Now I'm facing another eye surgery and I'm so anxious. They always have a hard time getting an Iv into me--usually takes at least six sticks. I'd make a rotten junkie! I feel like I'm posting about something that's not worthy of posting and I'm being a big baby. But I have that panicked feeling like I did as a kid. Plus Thanksgiving is at my house the week after surgery. I usually cook and bake for days for this holiday. I don't think I'll be up to that this year.Hesitate to post this...My husband hired a personal assistant for me a few months ago to help me with errands, doctor apps, etc. at first I thought the idea was ridiculous as I just stay at home and don't even clean my own house. He even hired a dog walker as I find it hard to leave my house much of the time. Anyways, my assistant has become invaluable to me. She goes to the grocery for me and will even cook dinner! It takes a lot of pressure off my husband. Yesterday I was an anxious mess and she was there to drive me to the eye surgeon. We took my younger sister and her son in because they were being evicted several states away. So they came and lived with us for 18 months. My sister is also bipolar and BPD. She would make nasty comments to me about having a housekeeper,etc. such things as, "I'm not too good to clean my own bathroom" or when packages of things I bought online would arrive, she said, " Well, I guess everyday is Christmas at your house". And we were paying her bills!But I fear other people would feel as she did if they knew how comfortably I live. I read about so many struggling and I have so much materially. But it doesn't take my disease away. A lot of the time I am alone in this big house and all the empty rooms seem to close in on me- particularly once my children left for uni. Our house was always full of young people having parties, watching movies or my sons band blasting away. Now if it weren't for my pets, I don't know what I would do. I have no friends in the neighborhood -- I tried-- I went to their jewelry parties and such but I couldn't stand it. It was like a clutch of hens talking incessantly about redecorating their houses.not my bag at all. So, I am friends, close friends with my helpers. But then I think, if I weren't paying their salaries, would they still be my friends?I just want to tell the truth about my life. Money makes many thing easier but it doesn't take away depression or anxiety. Hope this post doesn't come across as utter shit.