New area, unemployed, anxiety and depressionHi everyone, I need some help and/or advice.ÊI have recently moved to a new area to be with my partner. We were originally in a long distance relationship.In January, I moved up the country to be with him - a big decision but I decided I loved him too much to be without him. Also the cost of travelling back and forth was becoming quite crippling.I found work with an agency pretty quickly (My experience is as a primary school specialist support assistant for SEN children). The work was regular and they normally called me at least three times a week, sometimes four.I also took up a volunteering post every Friday at a local blind welfare charity.My boyfriend was then given another job opportunity - this time in a different area. After deliberation, he accepted, as it was very close to his ideal job and he was lucky to have been given the opportunity anyway.We moved here at the end of March and since then I have been unemployed and feeling very depressed/anxious.I am alone in this house everyday, I go out walking around the area (I don't want to use my car as its too expensive to keep filling up the petrol tank). I have signed up for some volunteering (what I could find) but that doesn't start until the middle of next month, as there are so many hoops to jump through these days - even for something like volunteering.I have signed up with another supply agency but have only had one day of work so far (last Wednesday). I have been booked in on Wednesday afternoon and Thursday all day this week but apart from that, nothing else.I don't know what to do with my time, I'm afraid of being alone and overthinking things all the time. I don't have any friends here yet - they're all back in my hometown, along with my family. I feel homesick most days but ultimately, I want to be here with him because he is the love of my life. I phone my mum everyday, but it isn't the same as seeing someone in the flesh.Any help/advice/similar experience would be appreciated.