Worrying about the well-being of loved onesI realize that this is commom amongst people with GAD, but I'm looking for some input on why this happens, where it may begin, and how to get around it.There's been only three people about whom I've had worrying thoughts about bad things happening to them: my mother, my older brother, and my current girlfriend.I've had anxiety ever since I can think of, but it only really bloomed when I was 18, after a bad breakup that filled me with a negative sense of self-worth, inability to go to school (too much anxiety, flushing, blushing, etc) and a very confusing life in general.Back on topic: I have no idea how the fear regarding my mother's safety began, since there was no traumatic event that could have triggered it (that I remember, at least). I was still a kid (around 8, 9, 10 or so), and suddenly I started feeling really anxious by the time she was supposed to get off work, or come back from shopping (I'd "estimate" the amount of time it would take for her to be done with shopping and be home), and I'd just go outside and wait for her car to appear on the road. Eventually, this stopped, to which I have no explanation either. As for my brother, it started when he was in 6th grade or so, and my uncle was picking him up from school on his bike, and then proceded to crash his bike with my brother in the back (some kid from a driving school cut them off, I'm assuming he didn't get his license that day). He went to the hospital, had a nasty wound on his face, hurt his back because of his backpack, etc, but that was as bad as it got. After that, he couldn't really do anything without me worrying or even following him around. If he'd go biking by himself, I'd have to go with him. If he went to his girlfriend's house across town, I'd have to eventually call him (or her, if he didn't pick up, which made me feel really stupid). Even nowadays, if he's working and should have been home by a certain hour, I get worried and wait by the window, or feel very tempted to call him. If he goes on a walk by himself and it's getting dark or is already dark, I get worried and anxious until he's home again.As for my current girlfriend, I don't even have a clear notion of when it began. We had already been dating for a couple of months or so, and she'd already gone a ton of places by herself without me being anxious or even thinking about it, but suddenly I started getting really anxious and worried that something would happen to her. Things like getting mugged, attacked, raped, hit by a car, kidnapped, etc (just typing these things makes me feel anxious, but I need to put them into words outside of my mind so I can have a better notion of how unlikely those things are). Eventually, when she'd go to college, I'd get anxious and feel the need to be on the phone with her until she arrived. I'd set an alarm for the time she left the house just so we could be texting or on the phone, as if that somehow prevented bad things from happening. And if she's out somewhere, and for some reason her cellphone's not getting any bars (unless she's at home, of course), my mind starts conjuring up these negative images of something happening to her, like being in the car with her dad and crashing, getting mugged and the guy throwing her phone on the ground, destroying it, getting hit by a car and smashing the phone, etc.Obviously this harms the relationship, not only because it's draining in general, but because when the anxiety takes the wheel, there's a chance I can speak less appropriately towards her, making both of us sad. This one website provided me with two very interesting theories that might be true to a certain extent:'m trying to have your input on this subject, since I'm sure some of you go through similar worries and feelings. What has worked for you? What caused those worries in the first place, and how did you manage to be stronger than your thoughts so as not to react negatively towards them (anxiety, fear, etc) and keep being proactive regardless?Thanks for reading!