Little VictoriesOne of the things anxiety had thoroughly robbed from me was the ability to create. Oh every now and then I come up some grandiose idea for a painting, I work on it and hate it. It then sits in my closet along with the other canvases, all hated, in various stages of completion.ÊSomehow, now mind you I seldom leave the house and I know very few people in town, my name was dropped and I received a call from a new coffee shop interested in buying local art. I am having a full on spazz attack. I sift through all my canvases and find a few finished ones, slap my favorite in a frame and take it up there.ÊThe guy was nice, saw the painting and without any further discussion asked if I would let it go for $150. $150!!! Hah! I was hoping I would get $30 out of the deal. He paid in cash, gave me a gift certificate for free coffee once the place opened up so I could see my painting along with the other works he was showing.ÊI haven't sold a painting since 2002. The husband felt my painting was a distraction from taking care of the kid and the house so for many years I had stopped. The years secretly scribbling away at digital art did little to keep my ability with traditional media sharp and once I picked up the brush again I found I had lost so much, and forgotten the rest.ÊToday was a little victory in many ways. I am now this much closer to finally getting my kid a cello of her own. She had been playing on ratty school lent instruments for the past 3 years, ever since her first cello was lost in the shuffle of vulturous family members dividing the things in the house after my husband died while I spent time out of state to recover.ÊI actually left the house to meet with a stranger! In the book of sae that is a big bucket of nope. I almost, almost turned him down.ÊLittle victories, I dig them.Frustrated RamblingsFor the first time in weeks I am having an attack. My panic attacks come in two forms: the "I am going to die if"... I place a bizarre cause and effect on myself to do something random like count the floor tiles, or if I leave a particular room or risk certain death.ÊThe second attacks are fake Heart attacks. I hate these. These are the ones that have landed me in the ER countless times. This is what my night has turned into.ÊThese guys feel just like the real deal, odd jaw pain, numbness in my toes, the crushing pressure, a million tiny needles on my skin, the narrowing of my vision and hearing and my heartbeat is suddenly deafening. I really do hate these simply because they are so indistinguishable from what I have felt from a real heart attack in the past.ÊThe pisser of the situation is that it isn't just a trip to the er, a blood test, an ekg and an all clear for me. My cardiac enzymes stay a little elevated all the time. That is a guaranteed stay at least 2 days for monitoring if I come in with chest pain. For whatever reason the cardiologists around here wants to roto-rooter (heart cath) every single time... pair that up with my penchant for developing HIT (apparently that is the second old man disorder i had developed before 30) at the mere sight of heparin, that's another day to three days of administration of lesser known blood thinners requiring oversight by a hemotologist (and sometimes mis dosing that will cause me to bleed from my gums, my nose, corners of my eyes.. fun stuff)So in short I go in for a fake Heart attack panic episode and I am released a week later. It's honestly just too much trouble to go through for nothing. You can imagine just how deeply in debt I am. To be honest I owe so much in medical bills now even the lottery couldn't pay them all off. I will die one day some $800,000+ in the hole. A pleasant thought. Let'S not even get started on the single mom shuffle, finding people that can watch the kid while I hang out in a hospital bed scratching at those damned ekg lead stickies. All this over a mind that lies to me.ÊPerhaps I am simply letting my frustration get the better of me. I honestly thought i had waved my final goodbye to these damnable attacks. It has now been 35 minutes and I haven't dropped dead so logically I should be just fine.ÊAhh now the hives have kicked up. It's definitely panic, nothing heart related. I think this might be the only time I am glad to have hives. My heart rate is down from 154 bpm to 112 (still impressive for the sheer amount of beta blockers i am prescribed to dump in my system daily). That is a much nicer number. I really like numbers. They tell so much. BP is a touch high 145/98 but systolic and diastolic correlate normally, indicating no real blood flow restriction.ÊThe benzos are kicking in, can't you tell? My jaw is still a touch sore but that could have easily been caused by grinding my teeth. It's something I do pretty frequently when engrossed in a frustrating project. Speak of which, I really do need to get back to removing all the garbage my kid has accrued on her laptop (spyware, malware, etc). I hate manually removing registry keys.ÊI itch. I would take a shower but here's my terrible confession for the night. I despise the sensation of water on my skin. I shower twice daily. It's a fat girl in the south reality. It's too hot to skip a shower. Even still I hate it. There is something they use in the city water to condition it that irritates my skin. There is no mistaking damn near everything gives me hives. Tap water should not be one of them.ÊBP is down to 135/85. I can live with that. Heart rate is down under 100. It never goes lower that 80, even on medication. I should lose more weight.I used to be a total of 130 something lbs heavier. I'm still obese, but it seems within my physical restrictions I have hit a terrible plateau. I have remained this weight with little variation for 8 months now. I have waged war with my eating compulsion and most days I have won. I eat my small 5 meals a day, cardiac and warfare diets in full flight. I am so limited on what I eat, no fat, avoid sugars, no salt, no leafy greens, no liver, no potatoes, no caffeine... holy shit. I had caffeine with dinner. No wonder I feel like old hairy balls.ÊI was invited by the bf to have dinner. I threw down on some steamed rice and grilled eggplant since the local Chinese restaurant is used to me and my weird food demands. Usually I order a diet coke but never finish it. Tonight I think I went through 3 refills.ÊIt has been an hour or so. I feel better physically; I have a slight headache. I am embarrassed I allowed it to happen again. I'm glad the kid or the bf weren't here to witness my mini breakdown.ÊThat's all. Just ramblings. I sleep now


The Happy Thread :)The concept is to create a collection of happy thoughts, encouraging words, stupid jokes, anecdotes, song lyrics, anything that makes you happy. Who knows, it might brighten someone else's day.My first happy thought:ÊMr. T becomes a local celebrity.ÊNo, I don't mean that member if the A-team that had no pity for fools. Mr T was a turtle my kid came home with from the pet store. He was a cute baby red eared slider, half-dollar sized and ate voraciously anything you fed him. He didn't stay small and cute for long though.ÊFast forward two years later. This turtle was now the size of a small dinner plate. After many tank upgrades he finally found himself residing free range in the house during the day and in a large plastic tote half filled with water at night in the dining room. The thing still ate voraciously and stunk.. and I mean STUNK!Every morning my kid would drag this tote across the house, depositing the turtle into the tub for a quick rinse before letting it loose in the house, and would change the water out. No matter how much she cleaned nothing could get rid of that horrible turtle smell. He had just gotten too big to keep.Red eared sliders are very common around here. It's not unusual to see one loping across the road after a good rain so the idea to set him free in the creek behind the house wasn't far fetched. With all of the seriousness an 8 yr old could muster she rejected the idea, stating he was born in captivity and would die in the wild. No amount of convincing was going to make her turn this thing loose.ÊI hatched a crazy idea. We went to the tiny local zoo on a Monday morning, Mr. T snuggled in my purse. We walked to the native species exhibit, made sure we weren't being watched and let him out to join the other zoo sliders. It was a win win solution. The turtle would be fed daily and he was out of my house. With a tearful goodbye, we waved to the turtle with the words scrawled on his shell in a child's hand with a paint pen "please care for Mr. T. He likes ham."ÊA couple weeks later I was at work and a co-worker that I had told of the turtle's fate showed me a brief write up about the turtle named Mr. T that showed up in the zoo exhibit. After getting a clean bill of health he was added to the exhibit as a permanent member. The article also warned of the dangers of dumping pet turtles at the zoo and introducing disease to their animals.ÊWe still have the laminated newspaper clipping, reminding us of the time we helped a little pet store turtle find his 15 minutes of fame.


Feeling Accomplished Today :)3 record days for me. Friday was both fun and nerve wracking. I, the insufferable shut in that keeps her curtains tacked closed so no one can see in, invited people over for a Cards Against Humanity game night. I didn't vacuum in the middle of the game, move the throw pillows around a million times, I left the dip bowls in the sink dirty after they were empty, and I didn't even turn on all my stupid wax melters (my place has had a slight weird dog smell since I moved in, and I have two small dogs so I am sure they add a little to it.) On occasion I had the "what if they're horrified by my housekeeping" moments but i shoved them away and had fun. Once my guests left I left the mess and actually was able to sleep for a while with dishes in the sink and soda cans on the end tables.ÊYesterday I was completely alone from 8 am to almost 10 pm (kid's curfew). I Untacked the curtains, opened the windows, played my music loud and actually enjoyed picking up after the party without the fear of not getting things just right. By 3:30 I had had enough of seeing people pass by on the sidewalk and closed the windows and the curtains, but I am leaving those stupid tacks in the drawer. Another restful night's sleep came, albeit a bit later than usual (I had a little caffeine yesterday and normally I stay far away from that stuff).ÊI woke this morning and dragged myself to real church instead of catching the podcast. I sat in church (or rather outside the sanctuary watching the screen, I am braver than ever but I still can't pay attention while sitting amongst hundreds of people) and felt great, although I seem to have tired myself out some.ÊAfter church I did another things I am notorious for not doing, I asked for help. I have had a broken washing machine in my tiny laundryroom for a little over a month. I have tried numerous times since it flooded to move it out but I am no longer the pinnacle of strength and ability I once was. There it sat until today. Finally tonight it sits on the curb waiting patiently for heavy trash day. All I was permitted by my helpers to carry (I am technically still on pretty strict lifting and exertion limitations ) was the cabinet facing for the machine.ÊI sit now, my house in okay order (i am learning slowly to accept okay over perfect), dishwasher splashing in the distance, watching the lights go by through my unpinned curtains and life is good. My hope is that someday very soon I can rejoin the workforce while finally going back to school this summer. It has been a source of anxiety, the prospect of being outside on a daily basis, but if everyday herafter can be even a portion as good as today I think I will be just fine.Not PanicI was invited to a high school orchestra concert. Hey, that's cool. My kid is in orchestra in another school so we decided to take up the invite. Dinner being rushed we just made some Belgium waffles and readied ourselves for our night out ("it don't matter what we had for dinner, woman!"). Oh but it does.ÊThe concert was great and even though it had been the first time in almost a week I had been out my front door I felt alright for me. I get back home, kick off the heels and I start to feel sick, disconnected almost instantly. My first thought is "oh here we go again, you wimp... you get around crowds and come back all weepy and weird". Sure enough here come the waterworks. I am sitting on my couch bawling over song lyrics, my dog accidentally being left outside before we left, the mess I left in the sink, the weird smell in my laundryroom... sweating, palpitations, but oddly enough no real thoughts of panic.ÊMy panic attacks always come with a signature "I'm going to die if.." thought. I had nothing of the sort. I didn't have any funky jaw pain to accompany the chest pain so it wasn't an angina flare up. My hands were shaking, my eyes blurring... still no panic. I had enough wits to recount my day and realized the only thing I had eaten all day was that damned Belgium waffle with a seriously unhealthy amount of syrup.ÊSure enough after a good stab I found a blood sugar of 56. After a dry cheese sandwich, a glucose tab and about 20 minutes I felt just fine, albeit a little tired.ÊMoral if the story. I may have at least once mistaken a blood sugar dive for panic.ÊAh the joys of falling apart before 35. This body is defective and I demand a refund!Classic Lit. For Anxious SortsAnother one of my favorite things is classic literature (except for anything Jane Austen, blech). I remember reading Charlotte Gilman's "Yellow Wallpaper" in a Lit. class in college, but I didn't really think much of it at the time. I decided to revisit it on a whim this morning and I am ashamed and thrilled both to find it incredibly relatable.ÊThe questions I pose are these: Do you find yourself relating to the protagonist of the story? If so, how? How do you think her husband handled her decline? What other factors that she was exposed to do you think could trigger anxiety from you?ÊI would love to chime in right out the gate but I won't just yet. All I will say is I am glad the treatment and awareness of anxiety and anxiety related disorders has come a long way since this was written.ÊStory found here. It's not an obnoxiously long read, I promisePanic BuddiesI don't always feel comfortable phoning my closest friends at 3 am when panic sets in. My solution was to walk to the 24 hr grocery store. It serves enough of a distraction that even if I don't go in I feel a little better.ÊA few months back I had a bad one. Just the walk to the store wasn't enough but I was too freaked out to go in. I was also too freaked out, being a woman alone in the dark, to walk any farther. I sat outside on the bench and probably burned through a half a pack of cigarettes when the night cashier came outside.ÊI assumed she was going to run me off. I was pretty constantly loitering the place at weird hours. Instead she sat on the bench and asked if I was okay. Apparently she had seen me there on the bench frequently, but knew I wasn't there to exchange drugs or meet with people because I always sat in the same place and left alone.ÊFor whatever reason I blurted out the truth. I was still kicked in high panic and my filter stops working in the throes if an attack. Her response was so perfect:"Wow, that sucks. Come inside, no one but weirdo crackheads shop at this hour so the store is empty. I wouldn't mind the company." We talked for a good hour before the fatigue of post panic set in. I walked home and instantly fell asleep.ÊIt became a trend. If I had an attack I walked to the store, chatted with the cashier, and felt better. These days I don't have near so many panic attacks but I still find myself wandering to the store at least once a week.ÊWe are pretty good friends now. It shocks me, I stay indoors too often to meet people usually. On pretty regular occasion she and her husband will come over and we will play cards and have dinner.ÊI think finding a panic buddy is one of the better recommendations I can make. Does anyone else have a go to for their attacks? Has it been equally helpful? I have these grandiose fantasies of one day helping others with anxiety and have entertained the idea of setting up a panic buddy system that works much like AA sponsorship. Thoughts?Sleepless Over SoapIt amazes me what little things unsettle me. I didn't panic, I don't feel like warm death but I simply can't shake the worry over this mysterious bottle of dishsoap that has appeared on my kitchen counter.ÊMaybe there is some OCD knocking around in here. I have been quite sick for about week. My home isn't filthy, I don't have stacks of things creating pathways, but I do have two small dogs that like to shred bits of paper and plastic and a teenager that will just leave anything anywhere. My home is NOT company-worthy by any stretch.ÊEven in this state I know where every little thing is, what belongs and what doesnt. I was out maybe an hour and come back to find a very large bottle of Dawn dish soap sitting next to my usual one. This isn't mine. How did it get here? Who can get in? Why? What if it was the landlord? What if he saw my place like this? The tons of what if's are bugging me tonight so looks like I will be spending tonight cleaning this place, sick or not, just in case it happens again.ÊIs anyone else freakishly obsessed over someone seeing their home when it is not quite up to snuff?