Trying to get by.Hello everyoneI am 29 years old and in a very bad dark place right now. I hurt my left side when i slipped and fell on the stairs and was stuck on the couch to heal for a week.. When i fell i injured my kidney area, it was very painful to lay on my left side for a month. I googled stuff about it and left side pain brought up parkinsons among other things, it scared me a whole lot. I didn't let it bother me, two days passed and i built up so much that when i was laying in bed, i went numb all over, everywhere to the point i panicked and was up all night. Stupid me, went back to google and searched, and MS popped up, i read all about it, and guess what? I started getting symptoms of MS, it started out feeling like i was weak, to being numb in certain places (fingers, arms ), I panicked more and more and was in a full blown panic attack 24/7 heart racing, sweating etc, etc. I started getting more symptoms, twitches all over my muscles, burning sensation all throughout my body, weakness. and with that my heart doesn't race anymore, i feel as though i am passed the basic anxiety stage of heart racing, sweatyness, can't breathe. I am now in a 24/7 depression state and am on the verge of ruining my relationship with the woman i have been with for 10 years. My heart doesn't race, i can breathe fine, but i am sweaty all of the time, feel very fatiqued, when i wake up, i feel as though i haven't slept at all even if i sleep 9-10 hours. I feel like my fingers don't work like i want them to, arms heavy, i am internally shaky everywhere and externally shaky, my muscles shake when i use them. I am a complete mess and this is all because i googled something, atleast i think it is, it feels so real and that is why it is so hard to accept this. I have been to the ER and my doctor multiple times, and they ran blood test etc etc, all fine. I have been given cymbalta & ativan, which i have yet to touch, i don't like medicine at all, it scares me. and while i have dealt with anxiety all of my life , which was mainly afraid to be a few blocks away from my house, this is totally different and i would gladly go back to that if i could. I am constantly fatiqued mentally and physically and have honestly been on the verge of giving up, I try so hard to ignore my thoughts and tell myself this isn't real, but i lose every time. I can't concentrate on anything, when anyone talks to me i hear what they are saying but i'm not paying attention i guess and i don't know what they said, i feel like i am in a dream state 24/7. I'm sorry for the big ramble, i just wanted to share my lost battle with you all.