liver failure leading to hepatic coma,have all the symp.HELPPosted something similar on sunday still feel the same and scared...So today has been another awful day, where do i start first let me explain why i think i have hepatic encephalopathy And why i think i am going into hepatic coma from that liver failure. I was diagnosed with fatty liver about 4 years ago at the time i thought it wasnt much, now after four years i got my blood tested again about 3-4 years ago and i had elevated liver enzymes like double i should have, i went to get an liver ultra sound reports came and its still just a fatty liver and doctor said its nothing to worry about, but lose weight because this can effect you later on in your forties when you can become diabetic... I am 23.Since then i have actually gained weight from probably stressing too much, and things have not been looking too bright so i think i messed liver up more and pushed it too liver failure. Okay so now for last couple weeks its first started with me having this confusion ish feeling like i had no thoughts was mentally confused, cant remember anything,detached etc but i put it off as derealization or depersonalization from anxiety. Then slowly that got worse but now with it i have this lack of appetite plus when i do eat something my stomach is upset,stomach growls, messed up stools etc. now if that wasn't messed up enough since sunday i have been feeling so tired, so sleepy, like i will pass out any moment like i feel as i wont be able to support my body. Like its messed the way i feel like i will asleep or lose conscious any moment. I cant explain its that messed. Like at this moment i almost wish that i was having a panic attack, because i feel so out of it tired. Like i can go on about my mental/memory problems too, but these sleeping problems i have even after 8 hours of sleep in which i dream a lot and is mostly rem sleep first stage but still. like if you look up  hepatic encephalopathy I have the same symptoms like i feel the next step is coma which is final symptom of liver failure/hepatic encephalopathy.... And if that was not enough now i have nausea and feel like i will throw up!!!! like if i dont go to emergency its game over . Like i am just looking for solace like is my liver failing and am i going into coma or can this just be anxiety but like how this messed up. Like right now  i am living in the hope that maybe i have sleeping problem and i am not get enough sleep which i think i am but why do i feel like throwing up if it wasn’t a liver problem  I just wanna wake up tom alive like have i messed up liver that much . PLZ HELP, i have been dealing with GAD for 4 years but nothing like this can this just be anxiety!!!