suffering from anxiety and panic attacks advice on how to stop them Ê8    I've been suffering from panic attacks and anxiety now for almost 3 months and since my first panic attack I have never felt like me I was hoping the feeling would pass but it just won't go away I'm trying not to go down the medical route but I feel like it might help me cope a little bit more I wake up with this itch in my stomach and my chest I went to the doctors but said there was nothing wrong does anyone else experience this 'itch' in their chest something they can't get because it's inside I'm pretty sure it's all in my head but my body is telling me otherwise! Just want to make sure I'm not going crazy! ?My body is fighting against me Ê6    Hi AllI have been doing really well recently with doing activities that have challenged me in the past and although I have felt a little anxious at times when I have been doing them it hasn't turned into a panic attack, I have been really proud of myself. This past week has been a different matter altogether, I have had 4 panic attacks doing everyday things and now I'm waking feeling anxious. It feels like my body is fighting against me all of a sudden.Does anyone else get these kind of setbacks?Any help would be appreciated.

Still hertbroken/grief after i made up with my friend.? Ê9    So i have this really good friend of mine,you know that kind of friend always there for you,that understand you,help you,make you feel better etc.Some time   she accused me of some things that i didn't do,well i wanted to do something for her and my actions have hurt her,didn't let me explain and we break up.It was the wors period of my life.had a really bad grief/heartbroken.After 3 weeks i could talk to her and i explained her and she understod and we made up.Now It has been a month and still im hurt,i still have this grief,everyday i still wake up with a sad feeling asociated with her its same feeling i had in that break up time(Êi easly get irritated ,lost the joy of some things(


Feeling on edge all the time..... Ê8    Hiya, ive been suffering with Anxiety since i was 28, im now 31. Ive never took any meds for it, because im scared of side effects.I developed a phobia of getting sick or being sick.....i really dont know how, and now im always feeling on edge, and some times too scared to eat just incase it makes me sick.......does anyone suffer with this also?? I hate the ''feeling on edge'' feeling, its horrible!! also my digestive system has totally messed up since this anxiety which doesnt help I just want to feel normal!!