Have you ever ended a relationship due to anxiety?Warning: I'm including several details about my ex's anxiety, so it may trigger. If you want to skip the details, the short question is: have you ever ended a relationship due to your anxiety, and did you later decide to give the relationship another try? If so, what helped you feel OK with trying again with that same person?The details:I am a "non" wondering if anyone here has ended a romantic relationship due to anxiety/ feeling they can't handle the stress a relationship brings, even if (especially if?) it's a good relationship.My ex broke up with me very suddenly after two wonderful years together and a marriage proposal the month before the breakup.I don't know what his diagnosis is (he hasn't been to a doctor recently) but he was confirmed in the past as having OCD and severe anxiety.We had a better-than-great relationship, very loving, we did everything together.In the last three months of the relationship he started to become paranoid about me cheating. This would come and go (at least, as I perceived it), and he'd try to brush it off or explain it away. Basically, if we weren't making music together enough, or if there was some other stressor in his life, the paranoid thought would set in. The spiked anxiety episodes seemed to only last a night or so, separated by weeks of wonderfulness.Last month he broke up with me, ostensibly because he claimed I was cheating on him that particular afternoon when I went to the city to get my hair colored. (Nothing could be further from the truth and there was never even the slightest reason for him to mistakenly think that. He even admitted he didn't have "concrete evidence".) But at the same time, he said something else that hinted at plain old terrible anxiety: he said that living together was too much stress, and if every day were like vacation, when we were relaxed and free to do whatever we liked, he'd be fine. But that he couldn't go on with things as they were.Since the breakup, he's said very little to explain himself, but one thing he has repeated is that "living together is too much stress." He hasn't said anything more about the cheating accusations.ÊRecently we've had friendlier texts and I'm wondering if he would be willing to try continuing the relationship without living together. It really doesn't matter to me-- neither he nor I wants kids, and I don't even care about being married. He really is my true love and all I care about is his love. If that meant seeing each other only three days a week for the rest of our lives, allowing him space for peace of mind, that would be fine with me.ÊOf course, nobody but my ex himself can say whether that would work. But I'm just wondering if some anxiety sufferers here could share insight, if they had an anxiety flareup that ended a relationship.