Afraid to swallow foodI'm a 25 year old male that has a problem with swallowing food. I always loved food, it was my thing. Hell, as a kid before sleep I would hide a bread under my pillow because when I wake up I wanted to eat, loved it. As I grew into my teens I would still eat A LOT but never gaining weight. I would just shove my food down my throat, barely chewing it even! Good times...Now... I must grind my food into dust and then mix it with fluid to be able to swallow food, still with difficulty. Liquids I can swallow just fine. I eat much less, but still I reside in the middle of the BMI scale (for now). I can finish a full meal, but before it would have taken me 10 minutes, and now minimum an hour (and I do it in an awkward way). I went to a gastroenterologist and did a Barium swallow test. The test came back negative, all motions are fine he said, I had a little damage to the esophagus due to GERD but nothing that would cause this! (And, I already took care of it).This started to happen right around the time I noticed my hair loss. In addition to this stress, I just recently entered Medical School and believe me it is stressful. Eight hours of classes per day, just to be topped off by another 8 hours of studying afterwards (down forget the anatomy classes and cadaver exposure...). This made it so much worse I could have eaten fine with the hair loss but as I continued into med school it got worse and worse. I had 3 choking incidences and a food poisoning incidence (with vomiting) before I developed the full blown phagophobia.ÊWhen it developed I could eat a small McDonalds cheeseburger in over an hour! Now I can eat it in 30 mins with fluids and a lot of effort.The problem is that I know I can swallow normally, but for some reason when I tried to (like 3 months ago) my throat just started to spasm, and didn't try again. And now it feels as if I can't remember how to swallow normally... My problem is with moving the food off my tongue to the throat. I can't do it! I don't know how to!! I've read countless of articles on this mechanism and it says that the tongue pushes to the back of the pharynx and creates pressure to slide the food down but that makes no sense to me, that seems weird and unnatural.If some of you can tell me how you swallow (exact steps) I would be very VERY appreciative because my parents think I'm simply crazy, and if my parents do, I don't even want to know what my friends will think.Thank you all, I want to tackle this issue before it gets out of hand again and be normal again.P.S: I think I should I have slight social anxiety as well.