So sick of anxiety taking over!I'm not sure what I'm looking for with this post, maybe people who know how I'm feeling, or some tips to getting better.I have suffered from GAD for as long as I can remember, I used to have panic attacks when I was around 8 years old, which is when I was first  diagnosed with having an anxiety disorder. When I was 20 I was going through a lot of stress and ended up going through an intense anxiety period. I dropped to less than 90lbs, I was going days without eating, I barely knew what was going on, my relationships and my work suffered, and I eventually had to change jobs and temporarily stop going to school, the whole situation was horrible and lasted for almost a year. It finally got better when I changed to a different job and it seemed like it was no longer taking over my life. Now, 10 years later, it's rearing its ugly head again and I don't know what to do. In the past 3.5-4 years, I have dealt with an incredible amount of stress... personal life, work, family, moving, you name it! The past 6 months or so have probably been the easiest for me in years, I haven't had the stress or negativity that I have been dealing with for the past few years and from that aspect, it has been like a huge weight has been lifted. But, as soon as things in my life settled down, anxiety started to creep in and take over.On top of that, I have a phobia of throwing up (it has been well controlled for around 10 years). However, last summer my husband and I got food poisoning (or a bug), and I woke up dry heaving. That happened on a Sunday night and ever since then I have somehow managed to convince myself that I have the same thing, and it's always worse on Sunday nights. It's like my mind has somehow convinced me that the exact same thing will happen again.My life is great and I know that, every aspect of my life (with the exception of anxiety) is everything I have ever wanted it to be. It almost feels like because things are good, I'm anxious that something bad will happen.From about December-March I was dealing with around 3 panic attacks per week and a constant anxious feeling, as well as my usual physical symptoms. Then towards the end of March I started to notice that the panic attacks were less frequent and I slowly started to feel more like myself. Then work got ridiculously stressful and awful and I'm right back to where I was months ago. I seem to be having a panic attack about every other day, and the physical symptoms are present almost always. Whenever I'm feeling good or having a good day, I find myself panicking and almost finding something wrong with me and then a panic attack starts.Here are the physical symptoms I get:The doctor has ruled out anything physically being wrong with me, so I know this is all anxiety. I just wish I could find a way to deal with the physical symptoms and get better!