Methods to help anxiety w/o meds? Can anyone relate/help?Hi everyone, Im new to the site so I appreciate everyones time. I am a 24 year old male to begin. My anxiety didnt begin until August of 2014 (about 8 months ago). I began to feel shortness of breathe and constant lightheadedness which lead to fear about something being wrong with me. A week or so later after a night of drinking, I woke up with a hangover that led to my 1st full blown panic attack where I went to ER to find out everything was fine with me (embarrasing lol). Ever since I have been extremely reluctant to drink. I do miss enjoying drinks with friends since Im always the only one not drinking but the anxietys I have experienced during a hangover are too frightening so I rarely ever drink nowadays. My anxiety causes constant pressure behind my eyes and across my forehead, I have had a CT scan that came out perfectly fine. I also get weird tingling sensations in my left pinky (random ik). I smoke marijuana occasionally but only at night with my girlfriend when Im having a difficult time sleeping. Marijuana has made it easy for me to give up alcohol because it allows me to wake up the next day feeling ok. I constantly catch myself moving my eyes in weird directions to cause certain pressures that affect my anxiety. I felt these eye pressures for years before I was diagnosed with anxiety but they have never bothered me until anxiety came into my life. I also get chest pressure every day that comes and goes and Ive been told that is happening directly from my anxiety. For the first 24 years of my life I have felt zero anxiety whatsoever.Months into being diagnosed with anxiety I found ways to cope with it by always being busy. Going to work, going to the gym, cleaning, finding other hobbies until it was time for me to go to bed. This worked for months as being constantly busy kept my mind off of my weird sensations for the most part. About a month ago I became depressed about having to follow such a busy schedule and felt like I was just making myself busy to find ways to get thru life day by day.I have tried everything to help my anxiety. I am currently in therapy. I have tried hundreds of breathing/muscle exercises. Nothing seems to be helping. My anxiety gives me the fear of taking an anti anxiety medication but my day to day life is so affected by my anxiety that I am very close to giving it a try. My therapist told me she would perscribe it for me but I told her I first wanted to try everything I could to help myslef without need of a medication. I am very content with everything in my life besides my constant anxiety. I am happy, I have a supportive family, a decent job, a girlfriend, and I am very active and involved in sports as I have alwyas been. The only negative aspect in my life are things brought by this random anxiety. Does anyone have any suggestions? Can anyone relate directly to anything that is going on with me. IN advance I appreciate help or advice from anyone and I would like to thank everyone just for reading this.