Does anyone else have this symptom?!?Hello,I am new here and wondering about a specific symptom that I can't seem to find any information on. As someone who has struggled with anxiety on and off for 10 years, this has been really bothersome lately.So, here's the weird symptom that I'm hoping others can relate to and that doesn't represent any major mental issues!I started having these weird moments of a strange sensation that I was suddenly underwater...say, in the bottom of the ocean. Or, out in space. Or on the top of very high building. Thinking about these things, watching movies that have scenes of being underwater or out in space or in a tall building trigger this symptom. It usually come on suddenly, randomly at times it seems, and goes away within a few minutes. I don't SEE anything like hallucinations, I don't FEEL anything like cold, wet, etc. Just this odd THOUGHT/FEELING of being in those places. It creates more anxiety which often throws me into a panic attack which of course has it's own set of symptoms! I don't disconnect from reality at all, I am very aware where I am, who I am, etc. It has been getting some better, it used to be really intense when all of this anxiety season started. Also, sometimes I have the weird sensation that there's someone else in the room. I don't SEE anyone, HEAR anyone, etc. It's just that same odd sensation as the others...I do not suffer from paranoia or anything.ÊAs a background, I have had panic attacks, lots of stress, phobias, depression and stomach issues for the past 6 months. I believe I have discovered low serotonin issues that i have been treating naturally and is beginning to get much better.This is just one of the last symptoms that I don't seem to fully understand and was hoping others could relate or ease my fears about it. Hoping its just really bad DP or DR. But not sure. I have suffered with those at times as well so maybe that's all it is. Anyway, any thoughts and advice would be appreciated. Thanks!Thanks