I think this is where I belong...Hi,I'm Jamie. I'm not new. I was JamieW but I lost my password so now I'm JamieWAgain. Please don't hold it against me.So, I think this is the forum that I belong in.Why am I hear? Really. I keep asking myself this question.A few years ago I had did not have a job, had severe depression, had no friends and things were very bleak.Fast forward to today.Ê Ok, fast forward to a few weeks ago.I have a career that I love. I thought I wasn't worth anything and now I even have my own salary and bonus that I'm proud of. I became involved in our community and am on the board of a non-profit organization.Tragedy happened, my body sort of shut down and I started experiencing severe anxiety attacks. But only when I was home.I called my psychiatrist and we set up an appointment.(BTW, I accomplished all that I've accomplished because of her)She told me that I have suffered a severe trauma, my body is physically under attack, (I asked her if it was psychosomatic and she assured me it wasn't) and she thought I should resign from my civic responsibility as it was too much for me.The next day I had every intention of resigning, but instead I took on more. I just refused to let my anxiety push me down.ÊSo, now I'm busy planning a local event and more shops are participating then ever before. Ever. 24 shops in all.Also, we had opposition and I facilitated a meeting between the two 'presidents' where I work. It was a huge success. Now I'm the liaison between the two clashing groups.Why do I need to tell you all of this? < Seriously, why?Is it because I'm insecure at heart and need constant reinforcement?Ê YES. Good answer, Jamie.Is it because I'm needy?Ê YES, another good answer, Jamie.(I'm not conceited, but I sure probably sound like I am. Trust me, I'm not)The question to always ask is "why".Why am I here?I don't know the answer to that. My therapist says it's very bad for me.Am I a rule breaker?Ê No. I'm a rule follower.Am I sneaky?Ê I don't think so. Maybe sometimes.Do I have something to prove to you?Ê Maybe.I still haven't figured it out yet.ÊBut I've made two promises to myself.1. Don't hang out in my blog section to avoid getting my feelings hurt.2. learn from this. Learn everything I can.Lastly, what do I want?I want you to like me. Yes, it's a bit Sally Fieldsish, but I do like her anyway.Also, I'm now in this non profit that's becoming political and I will need to get stronger if I'm going to start hearing criticism of me. So far none.But I better be ready.So, I'm hear to learn why I'm hear, what I want from the group and of course, to contribute to all of you.Hopefully this gets posted.If a car has 4 tires and an orange is orange then it should.Question to whomever reads this;When you were in preschool did you ever go to sit in one of those little stool chairs and someone pulled it out from you and you fell to the floor and the other children laughed. They used to do that to me all the time. this boy named Raymond. Blink, blink, blink goes my cursor. that was hard to admit. Fast forward a gazillion years later and I always felt as if my stepson would pull the chair out from me and I would fall and he would laugh. He laughed at me anyway and would say "who do we have today? Crazy Jamie or Sane Jamie"ÊHe only liked "Sane Jamie"Ê Now I hear he is a life coach and writing articles for Nami but he should probably know how much pain and hurt he caused me before going off to coach someone's life. That really hurts.I guess I don't trust because I don't feel safe.If anyone has read this far, (((((HUGS)))))Ê and (((((ThANK YOU))))))That'a all.Now, If I know how many ears a person has and what color an orange is, this post might be approved. :)Hopefully I can help others too. I bet I can. :)XO