Sharp shooting pain to the left of right breast ..Anxiety?Hi everyone.I did some searches but wasn't able to find any results that match exactly what I am experiencing so sorry if this is discussed often and I missed it.A few weeks ago I started experiencing a sharp shooting pain in my chest area that moves from just under my right breast, to the left about one inch.Ê It was on and off for the first week and slowly went away.Ê During this time I was waking up soaked from night sweats.Ê I also was still cycling very hard and was on a business trip, not drinking enough water or getting enough sleep.Ê I ended up having a sharper shooting pain and blacked out right afterwards during the day.Ê I then blacked out again in the ambulance and woke up with the EMTs ready to shock me..........I have had numerous heart, blood, and urine tests all of which show I am super healthy.Ê My hr drops to 37 when I'm sleeping so I have to be careful when I get out of bed...get my hr up so the blood gets to my head.Anyways, I had 2 panic attacks after this event which I had never had before.Ê I didn't feel the same chest pain during these attacks, it was more just a tight chest and my head felt loopy.Ê This was over two weeks ago now and I have been on Buspar since.The sharp shooting chest pain had gone away for a week until last night.Ê Last night I woke up at around 1am sweating w/ the sharp shooting chest pain.Ê I was able to fall back asleep after about 30 minutes.The chest pain does not feel worse when I breath in or out.Ê I can be laying on my back and feel the pain, or even on my sides.Ê Sometimes it's enough to make me slightly nauseous feeling and I've definitely narrowed the night sweats down to only happening when I'm having this chest pain.To reiterate.Ê I have had 24 hour urine analysis, blood analysis, an echo-cardiogram, exhaustion test, heart CT w/dye and without, chest scans, head scans etc.Ê They have found NOTHING wrong with me.Is it possible that these chest pains are anxiety even though I am not feeling anxious at the time or even during sleep?Thanks all!Ê Sorry for the wall of text