fear of being accused of benefit fraud??? (huge vent)All of the "we're going to find you and get you!" posters and news stories about benefit frauds terrify me. I feel like "what if I am a fake? what if I am a fake and I just don't know it??? Is my depression and anxiety really so bad?? what if it's subconscious and deep down, I actually DON'T have anxiety and depression AT ALL and I'm just a deeply work shy and lazy person who is looking for excuses????"Does anyone else feel this way? I hate it so much. My Dr gave me a sick note thing for 12 weeks off work, meds, referral for therapy, but I HATE THE WHOLE BENEFITS PROCESS. It's like just pure terror the whole way through and I can't bring myself to do it even if it means getting me out of poverty. Away from this fear, my depression is actually so bad that I cannot look after myself at all. I have been mostly bed-ridden for over a year. I sleep in blood-stained bedsheets because I can't even bring myself to wash my laundry in the tiny sink I have because I've been too poor to afford a washing machine for over 2 years so everything has to be washed by hand. Depression and anxiety affects every. single. aspect of my life. I hate hate hate the benefits process and how I am treated like a fine mentally able person who is able to call up no problem, leave the house no problem, speak to people no problem.. I'm wearing blood stained jeans for gods sake. I STINK. I am disgusting. My breath could probably make someone faint. I can't leave the house unless I'm wearing my hoodie, my coat, and I have my hood up so I can be seen as little as possible and it's BOILING hot outside. I get out of breath and feel like I'm going to pass out if I walk too far because I barely even get out of bed and my body isn't used to moving. I can't do anything. If my boyfriend didn't cook for me, I would probably starve to death. Sometimes I try to do something useful like wash a couple of dishes, and I have to STOP halfway in because I feel like I'm going to black out or my legs give way. How these benefits and government people think I can do everything they are asking of me to claim these things is BEYOND ME. I hate, hate, HATE them.



Can't go on benefits because my anxiety and depression are so bad.I finally went to see my dr about all of what I'm going through. She referred me to CMHT, prescribed me citalopram and wrote me a sick note thing for 12 weeks off work but I cannot. do. ANYTHING. I've been mostly bed-ridden for the past year and in poverty and find it incredibly difficult to do anything at all to look after myself. I don't eat or drink enough, I go for weeks without washing / bathing or brushing my teeth or doing my laundry. My boyfriend has been making me meals and I tried yesterday to wash dishes but I had to stop as I felt my legs were going to give way and I was going to pass out. Whenever I do wash myself, being as my body isn't used to the physical activity, my muscles easily get pulled and walking can be difficult on my knees because they haven't been used in so long. I wrote all of this to the dr (including other things like sexual assault I had a few years ago I never got help for but have needed to) and she was very insistent that I apply for benefits but I broke down crying to the point I almost worried I freaked even her out. The prospect of going to the JobCentre and go through all of that stuff again frightens me almost to the point that I'd rather stay here and rot than to go. I wish I could sign myself into a mental health hospital and be taught how to look after myself again whilst I'm on this medication. I have absolutely no idea what to do.


Happiness I don't do anything with, and anxiety ABOUT bouts of happiness?!Sometimes, I get bouts of happiness. Which I then immediately proceed to feel incredibly guilty about. I can also tend to get anxiety about feeling any happiness, because I feel like there's this sort of sense of: "Right! That's it! I'm happy! Now I should be a completely well-functioning human being!", but of course, I'm not. I feel happy, but I still can't do anything "with" it to make myself useful in any way (such as work, wash, eat, perform basic self-care). I just sit there, being happy, and then sad all over again. Happy, but still completely unmotivated to do anything whatsoever. Does anyone else experience this?


