If you have intense head pressure & foggy feeling READ THISOne day about three weeks ago I woke up and noticed that things felt… strange. My surroundings looked unfamiliar and people and things felt odd and distant. I wasn't sure if I was dizzy, lightheaded or something else. It was as if my perception of my surroundings had changed and I felt very uncomfortable. The more worried and anxious I became about this feeling, the worse it became. It started as simply a "strange" feeling and quickly became unbearable. I would sleep much more than usual then after only a few hours of waking, I would become EXTREMELY fatigued. My head was so full of pressure I swore it was going to swell up and pop off of my shoulders. My eyes throbbed in pain and my ears felt like they constantly needed to pop but wouldn't. Along with this miserable feeling came horrible brain fog that made it almost impossible to think a clear, coherent thought. It was so frustrating that I began to feel extremely depressed and in a constant state of anxiety. I cried daily and wondered what was happening to me. A friend told me it sounded like sinus pressure because of the location of the pain so I went to see an ENT. They said my ears, nose and throat all looked clear but that I may have allergies and I was prescribed some allergy meds. I desperately tried these hoping to be cured. No such luck. I heard of tiger balm for relieving head pressure so I tried this also… no relief. My frustration level was through the roof at this point and I swore I was losing my mind. It popped into my head the other day to give acupuncture a try. The doctor examined my neck, back and shoulders and said that on a scale of 1-10 the tension in my neck was a solid 12. She said it was similar to the amount of tension that she saw in an Iraq War Vet that she worked on… yikes! She asked how I was even able to manage being in this much discomfort. I was given a full treatment along with a chiropractic adjustment, ultrasound on my neck and shoulder and some sort of electric therapy. After I left, I felt the brain fog begin to lift but my head still felt strange. The next morning, I felt like a new person. It was AMAZING. The extreme tension and stress in my body was due to being in a constant state of anxiety, which I was in because of how awful I was feeling-- go figure. My sinuses were probably clogged too as my head has been draining fluid all day. Ah, it feels so good to feel so good. Bottom line… PLEASE give acupuncture a try if you are suffering from any of these similar symptoms. If anything, try it for stress relief… it works wonders! My anxiety level has decreased dramatically in the past few days after receiving treatment which has made me more excited than ever to continue with my recovery and be rid of this horrible anxiety for good!  