Is this normal for anxiety?? Êover a year  I'm a 21 year old female and I've had trouble with my nerves and anxiety ever since I can remember. I've built up a lot of confidence over the years and apart from the odd panic attack my physical symptoms haven't been too bad. Recently, I was experiencing shooting pains in my chest and because I'm such a worrier, I thought I was going to die and I had the worst panic attack of my life - my chest was tight for nearly 12 hours after and I didn't sleep all night. I called 111 at 3am because I was that scared. My breathing was fast and shallow, it felt like I couldn't get enough air in and my heart was pounding and I had palpitations on and off so I thought I was having a heart attack. I went to see my GP the next morning and he sounded my chest and apart from a small crackling in my one lung, I was fine but he gave me some anti biotics because I had a slight temperature and he reckoned I might have a chest infection on the way. Anyway, I finished the anti-biotics course. Since then, I have been overly focused on my breathing and heartbeat - it's getting to the stage where my chest feels tight mostly all day and I have to 'manually' breathe but I try to ignore it. The problem comes when I'm trying to fall asleep - some nights are okay but last night, for example, every single time my body started to relax into a sleep, THUD, my heart would drop out of my chest and I have to take deep breaths to calm down - it's almost like as I'm dropping off I forget to breathe. It gets to the point where I am THAT tired I want to cry. Then the other symptoms some too - constantly needing a wee, dry mouth, feeling sweaty but cold etc. Eventually I drop of around 1-2am but even then it's not a deep sleep, it's more like REM sleep where I'm dreaming but I feel like I'm always aware of my surroundings. I'm getting really frustrated now - I just want to feel normal again! I am going back to the doctor's on Monday and hopefully he will rule out anything other than anxiety and give me some muscle relaxants or something? What does everyone think - bad anxiety? Sleep disorder? I'm at the end of my tether but I can be a bit of a hypochondriac!