Audio helphi whilst searching different types of audio help I came across something on Google play called stop panic .its free and I downladed it to my mobile phone and there are various helpful things on there but for me the audio called assistance is fabulous and really helps me when my anxiety is extremely high .as I've had anxiety panic and  rophobia for many years and found little to help I'm very excited about this and wanted to share ,good luck to all who try it xb complex and anxiety ,  8    has any one taken b complex and found a increase in their anxiety or has it helped them , as my appetite is very poor i have been told i might be lacking b3 and b6 and that taking b complex can help ,i am also withdrawing from venlaxafine and this drug does cause a vitaimin defisiancy which is vitaimin b. any feed back would be helpfull , i have also been told that it is safe to use with ad

Could TMJ jaw issue contribute to headaches/anxiety?  11    Hi all! For about 2 1/2 years now, I have developed TMJD... Which is basically a malfunctioning jaw that does not open and close properly. Overall, I seemed to have managed it well, however, lately I have started getting headaches over more on that left side where the jaw is really noisy and "clicks", and I am thinking that maybe that could contribute to head pain I feel? I have been so on edge the past few weeks about any little pain or tingle I have felt, and maybe it is possible the worrying has escalated the TMJ pain I feel? I am so worried.. question ?????  12    Hi as iv said once or twice (ok maybe a few more times) iv been suffering chest pain for 6 months now have had an ecg and x ray and im really worried its STILL that its my heart i have jaw pain and arm pain also. I was just wondering if anyone knew what other things doctors carry out to rule out heart problems because i hate the fact that because im only 28 they say it couldnt possibly be my heart when iv heard of healthy 24 year olds dying of heart failiure.