Depression (Sorry. I know this is the wrong section.)Hey...  I know this is the Anxiety section and not the Depression section, but I'm really afraid of people not seeing it.  It seems like more people frequent this part of the forums than the Depression part, so I wanted to put it here.  I hope that's okay.  I really need help right now.  I haven't been on here for a while.  I was/am doing better (usually my problem is anxiety or phobias or some combination of them).  Just today, all of a sudden, out of nowhere basically, I felt really freakishly depressed...  I'm not suicidal like I'm thinking I want to, or I'm planing to or something, but all of a sudden today after watching some comedian on YouTube who's laptop was suicidal or something (I don't know, weird show), I just felt awful.  I suddenly freaked out thinking something like: "What if I got so sick of dealing with anxiety/phobias that I wanted to end it," or, "What if I just get so mentally sick I don't care about even my boyfriend anymore and were to hurt myself to try and make myself feel better."  What really set me off wasn't just the topic of ***** but the specific things that were said.  They said something like, "We can go together."  I feel like I'm going to throw up thinking and writing about this.  One of my biggest fears is being left alone if my boyfriend were to die before me OR if I was to die before him and he was left alone, and when, on the show, they said, "We can go together," I suddenly thought how nice that would be and also how horribly frightening and so sad it was at the same time.  That's not to say that I want to like "go together" with my boyfriend and leave life early, but I guess I have to admit going, when ever it is I/we do go... at the same time... would probably be nicer.  No one has to be alone for years then and suffer.  Thinking all these things made me feel incredibly sick (and my stomach already doesn't feel good, I think I ate something that wasn't good, bad mayo or something) and I panicked and felt freakishly hopeless and scared all of a sudden.  Something that ties in, or probably does, is I really don't know what, if anything, our purpose is in life.  I really don't mean to offend anyone or try and convince anyone of anything or start angry internet religion arguments or something, but I feel like it's important to note that I'm basically agnostic.  I don't see how we can know there is a god or an afterlife or anything, though I hope there is as long as it's good.  The closest thing to "a purpose" I can find is reproducing.  Maybe that sounds silly, but it's as close as I can get to a purpose.  The problem with that for me is I can't because A) I'm terrified of having a kid, and B) I'm a bit of a loony and don't want to get a poor kid involved with my mental health problems.  So... I feel like a failure of a living thing.  Every other animal's goal in life, even though they don't know it, is to reproduce.  And I can't/won't.  If life has no purpose, maybe the purpose is whatever we want it to be, but that opens up a lot of other questions.  Can someone like Hitler just pick their life purpose too?  I mean, sure MY life purpose might be a nice one, the people on here might all pick nice life purposes, but what if someone doesn't?  I'm a little rambly; it's almost 5 in the morning.  I feel like this and some similar things contribute to my hopeless depressedness.  I've felt horrible and hopeless before, but somehow this feels different.  I'm not sure how to explain it.  If I panicked about something because I didn't want it to happen, and then came to the conclusion that there was nothing I could do to stop it, I would then come to the conclusion that it is hopeless.  Then, deciding it was hopeless would make me sad, so everything had a cause an effect.  If a problem was solved, then I would feel better.  Now.... how I feel right now feels different somehow.  There are still things scaring me for sure, but somehow it isn't as cause and effect as other times.  I don't know how to explain it, I hope someone understands... I just feel depressed...  I've scared my boyfriend to death talking like this.  I know this might sound dumb or childish, but... I don't know how I can go to the doctor for something like this if it were to get worse... because my parents would know and I don't want anything to do with them.  I don't even want them knowing.  I don't like them.  I don't want to share feelings with them.  I don't want to be the new subject of everyone's social media posts and texts.  My mom loves to tell her friends about any personal information she finds out about me.  She's a gossip, and I hate it.  My dad would never leave me alone if he knew.  He drives me up the wall trying to force conversation, and when we do talk it turns into a display of his superior intellect.  This one probably sounds ridiculous to most people... at least I've only come across one other who didn't think it was dumb... my boyfriend and I met online.  He lives in New York, and I live in California.  We have never met, but we've been together for 3 years since March.  I say this because even though hes always here to talk and we're on the computer together talking pretty much every second that were both home, the option to sneak off with him to go to the doctor isn't available.  Things like that aren't options.  I don't mean to try and make excuses as to why I can't get better; I want to get better.  However, it is EXTREMELY hard for me to interact with my parents, and here comes another little tidbit of odd... my parents don't know my boyfriend exists.  I have never told them because they hate people online, they think they are all murderers and such.  I was also 16 when I met him and he was 19 (we are 20 and 22 currently), so I didn't want them to try and call the cops on him or something, not that we ever did anything even remotely illegal, I just didn't want all the chaos.  I also didn't want to be harassed with questions from them.  (I'm also well aware that even though not everyone online is dangerous that somecan be.  I'm not about to go meet someone in a dark ally because they promised not to hurt me.  lol)Also, can being sick make you depressed?  My stomach has been upset for like a week or two now, and I'm wondering if food poisoning, or whatever I've got, can actually increase the chances of becoming depressed.  I know being depressed can make you feel sick, but I'm wondering if it can work the other way around.  I stopped taking the krill oil supplements I was taking when my stomach started feeling bleh.  I didn't want to give it anything to be upset about.  Maybe quitting the krill oil isn't helping?  I also don't get a lot of sun which means I don't get a lot of vitamin D, but that is nothing new, maybe it's catching up to me?  Writing all this out is nice by the way.  lol  I feel like the bottom of this post is less freaked out sounding than the top just because I'm less freaked out now.  I guess I'm wondering if anyone has any advise on dealing with depression, especial without doctors and things because they don't seem very accessible at the moment.  Any advise of any sort is appreciated and very welcome though.  I hope it's alright to post this here instead of the Depression section.  I'm really afraid of it not being seen for a while there, and I'm scared .  I know I've been a little rambly, but my brain is kinda all over right now too.  Another side note: my boyfriend is the one who found me AnxietyZone which turned out to be what I needed to stop panicking out of my mind about like literally 20 things all at once, every day, 24/7 for a year (I'm not exaggerating).  I'm probably forgetting important things, but I'm too tired to think clearly right now.  Thank's for reading this far, or for however much you read (anything is appreciated), and I wish you all well with your own issues and stuff,Pink Cat