GAD and work's reactionHi everyoneI have a history of anx and depression but It's been manageable for the last few years. However, this year I have had more problems with depression and the anxiety has now returned. It's made work extremely difficult as my concentration, confidence, memory, and mood are so affected as well as my sleep. I'm also struggling with obsessive thoughts too. My bosses are aware but I've had really mixed reactions and some really unhelpful comments. As if it wasn't enough to feel like this, I have to listen to people tell me "for goodness sake, stop self harming", "take control of yourself" and "you need to commit to therapy and work hard at it", "we can't have someone falling apart". It's so infuriating. On one hand they are understanding in that they have let me have a few days off sick (although no stepped re-introduction to work or a gentle first day back - I was straight back in at the deep end) and are always there if I need to talk. My boss always makes time for me if I'm distressed and calms me down when I burst into tears (this has been pretty frequent recently as work triggers off a lot of negative thoughts and anxiety), they let me take breaks to walk about and get some air if I need it etc. But on the other hand I'm asked invasive questions about my family, my life, my relationships and asked, with puzzled eyes, "what is it that's upsetting you?" even though I have told them twice now that I have General Anxiety Disorder which has been diagnosed by my doctor and that I am taking medication for and am waiting for therapy through the NHS. I've made it clear that I have a medical condition, am seeking help, and that I will accept that help. What more do they want? When I told them I was taking medication I got a puzzled, disapproving look. I can't believe it is 2015 and people with mental health conditions are still having to struggle with this. I am ill - accept it - PLEASE...I feel like shouting that from the rooftops! - I am ill right now but I know how to get better and I know I will get better, all I need is some acceptance and some patience and not to be interrogated or judged. For goodness sake! I just needed to get that all out of me! Does anyone have similar experiences? At the moment I don't have the energy to keep explaining anxiety to people in my life and educate those that don't understand. When my meds have kicked in and I'm feeling better I may start trying to change people's perceptions but right now I don't have it in me to fight that battle as well as battling with depression and anxiety.How does everyone else cope with stigma and the general lack of understanding? Moonie xx





Worrying about how I'm going to handle this weekI'm starting to panic about tomorrow. I've got a full week of work ahead of me and it scares me. My work environment is full of triggers. I never know what to expect - will I be hauled up to the director's office again or will it be a calm day? Will I break down in tears once, twice, three times? Will I be able to cope with the people around me, the noise, the distractions, the agitation I feel, my negative thoughts, my feeling of total and utter inadequacy and depression? Will I be able to concentrate long enough to get some work done? Will I stay calm or panic and feel so inwardly angry that I want to scream. With my self esteem the way that it is at the moment, any little knock or disturbance can send me off balance.I just had to get all that out. It's helping to write this stuff down instead of keeping it constantly locked up inside. I don't know what I'm going to do with myself apart from press on and wait for the meds to have more of an effect (been on sertraline for 2 weeks now).M xWork struggles and GADHi everyoneI've suffered with anxiety and depression for years and unfortunately going through a really rough patch at the moment. I had everything under control for years but my life has started to unravel again. I have suffered with health anxiety/OCD and depression in the past but the doctor is now saying I probably have GAD and the anxiety has sort of shifted focus away from my health (that's one good thing at least). Has anyone else here shifted from specific phobias and anxiety disorders to GAD?I've been back on sertraline for 2 weeks now but am really struggling with morning anxiety, getting to work and then staying together at work. The smallest bit of pressure results in me panicking and bursting into tears in front of everyone. This has been the pattern for some time now and it's feeding the anxiety :/ I'm panicking over getting all my work done and constantly worrying that I'm under-performing and burdening everyone :(I'm going to be posting on here more often to help me get through it and start mending myself. It helps to get it all out and to be part of this supportive community that has helped me so much in the past  I'm going to keep going with work but I have a lot of responsibility on my shoulders in my role and I have a huge project coming up so I think I'll keep writing little updates on here and be more active on here in general to help me through it. Moonie xxxNew GAD diagnosisHiyaI've suffered from severe hypochondriasis (health anxiety), obsessive compulsive disorder and depression on and off over the years but started to improve a lot last year after EMDR therapy. I even came off my meds last May and was doing really well until just before Christmas when my mood went downhill and things become more and more difficult. My ability to concentrate went down the toilet and sleeping problems set in. I've really been struggling with work and find myself obsessing over it, panicking and pushing myself even harder. My self esteem is also at a very low ebb. I went to the doctor yesterday and was diagnosed with Generalised Anxiety Disorder. I've had specific anxiety disorders in the past but it seems the nature of my anxiety has changed as I've got older and it is no longer focused on specific areas of my life...it's now infiltrated everything but to a lesser degree. So...I'm new to this part of the forum! Just wanted to come in and say hi. I'm going to be starting on meds this week - sertraline (which I stopped taking last year but was on for 12 years before that) and a mild sleeping tablet to stop me waking up every hour freaking out about work and where I am in my life. Hoping things will improve soon.Moonlight xxx