Avoidance?So I'm just going through it now with work stuff. It's a big, massively long story - I've just gotten a job, have also got interviews for other jobs that I want more, etc. etc. Today was especially rough.In regards to this thread, I have major problems with confrontation in general. For example:> I had an interview this afternoon and was far too stressed to entertain going. I thought about it and knew that even if they offered me the position, I wouldn't take it, so I couldn't bring myself to go.> I had another interview this morning. I went to it, and it seemed to go well, but they asked me if I currently worked on campus. I do, technically, I just took a job two days ago but am interviewing because I want a position in HR. Of course, on the spot I lied and said I didn't work on campus. I missed a call from them late on in the day and they left a voicemail saying they "needed to talk about the interview today". I'm paranoid that since they are in HR, they found out that I do have a job on campus and want to talk about that. I'm also paranoid that they'll call my current supervisor to inquire and I'll get in trouble. I am a studentlooking for a student position, so it's not necessarily "unprofessional" for me to interview around, but I'm nervous just the same.I don't really want this job, either (it's not what I thought it was and won't give me what I'm looking for in terms of experience) so I honestly don't want to call them back, either.> IF I manage to get a different job, I honestly don't know how I'd handle telling my current supervisor. Maturity tells me that I should give her notice; my track record says that I'll send her a detailed email and then avoid. I know that's a terrible way of handling it, I just can't make myself do any different - I break down when I think of having this conversation face to face.I really want to get better and not be so afraid of these situations, I'm just not sure where to begin. I'm sort of seeing a college counselor, but am afraid that if I mention these things to her that she'll just think I'm very immature. I'm not trying to be - I just can't do it. I'm feeling low and massively disappointed in myself; terrified of what's going to happen. I have another interview tomorrow in a different HR office on campus; maybe it will go better or maybe much worse. I honestly don't know what to think.BTW - I'm not job skipping due to money or dislike of my current position really or anything like that; I'm a student and I'm interested in HR and I feel that I would learn more and prepare myself more for my future if I am in that environment. I may have accepted my current job prematurely, but it was advised that I accept it at the time since nothing else was a guarantee (and I guess still isn't).Thanks, any advice is helpful.


Sharing your experiences with a therapist?I'm always under some stress but have been under extra lately. I elected to meet with a campus counselor to see if they could help me out. I met with one last year and she was really nice, but she's no longer there so I had to meet with someone else. The new woman is great, but I went in to talk about work stress and she asked me some extra routine questions I didn't know how to answer (the other woman never asked me these things). She asked me about past anxiety and I'd I had ever self harmed - I had. This led to a conversation about my past and current anxiety, my battle with health anxiety, coping strategies, etc. I think they were good things to talk about, but I haven't actually talked to anyone about these issues before as I wasn't sure how my family would react. I ended up feeling kind of embarrassed talking about my problems and didn't go into too much detail. Is this normal? Does it ever get easier to talk about your anxiety? I know I shouldn't be embarrassed, but I kept thinking if I told her how every twitch had me thinking I had MS would make her think I was crazy.I got a job offer....and cue anxiety!I have a tendency to get wordy, but I'll keep this short and sweet. Input and advice is welcome! I'm currently studying business, and trying to decide what field of business I want to go into. I've been looking for a part time job to make some money, but I've been picky in that I want it to be something business-related so I can gain some real experience.I've put in applications all semester, have had a few interviews and some people that never called me back. Last week alone I put in a lot of applications.Yesterday I went in for an interview and today they called and asked me if I wanted the job (the call went to voicemail so I have a couple of days to decide). The position is one in which I would be helping to plan/execute conferences and events, like freshman orientation at the college. It sounds like a lot of fun, and the people are very nice.My hangup is that I don't really want to go into event planning. It sounds like an interesting career, but I feel as though I'd have to live somewhere more densely populated to find a job - and I'd like to live in as small of a town as possible. I suppose those skills could transfer - there are a lot of management aspects, office skills, working with people, etc. but I'm nervous.I'm also afraid that one of the other jobs I put in for will call me back (there's a HR assistant position that I really want) and I'll want to accept it but will feel locked in to this first position.I really could use some money but I just want to make a smart choice as I need something to build a future career off of, and I want more insight into what I really want to do (as of now I'm not 100% sure).I honestly thought I'd be elated when I got a job, but I guess being me I should have expected a healthy dose of anxiety as well.





