Is one persons anxiety more valid over another's? Ê13    I really hope I can put this across properly and not cause any offence. I realise my thoughts are not necessarily right. Still I find myself struggling with something ...I can't help myself thinking that there are TWO camps/groups when it comes to depression/anxiety etc...meaning to say, consider:PERSON A - Whose upbringing was good, who never experienced any trauma, abuse or loss, whose life now is good (no financial worries, nice home, no health problems, great job, good friends and support network, lovely kids, dog, and all together much to be blessed for). Also nothing in the future to concerned about. Basically no detectable issues etc.Now...compare to...PERSON B - Basically the opposite to Person A. Whose past was not priviledged (maybe coming from a poor background, dome abuse and/or several tragic bereavements i.e. sister dying to breast cancer, mother killed in RTA and cared for elderly father dying), whose here and now (present) is strewn with real actual problems (long term unemployment due to 3rd job loss, chronic back pain and other health problems, financial worries, not able to eat well, no partner, no surving family members, forced house sale, single parent, one son stabbed and another estranged after running away from home, lonely with no friends to speak of, whose future is not secure (I.e. no pension, not much family to depend upon etc).Both report suffering from anxiety/stress/depression.OK I hope you got the picture...So my question is ...which person is really depressed ..or should I say, is it possible for both PERSON A and B to have an equally valid case to say they are depressed?Forgive me, I know my thought processes may well be totally wrong. But if I'm totally honest I have much more sympathy for Person B. Its as if Person As depression is a mirage of sorts ..and has no legitimacy. Like I ssud please forgive ..no offence meant. Its just that I feel my depression is linked to what were and are REAL ACTUAL tragic events. Have I made sense?Final question, now given the totally different circumstances between Person A and Person B ...if they BOTH have the right to say they are truly suffering ...is the approach to helping them the same? Or does one need meds or would say Person Bs condition be improved say by alleviating what's causing the stress?Somehow I think I've made this much to complicated and confusing ..so so sorry if I have. Minds all over the place today :{Best wishes to all...Thankyou