_After a year 1/2 my Anxiety is back......Please help_Well its been a while since I have been back here. All you amazing people helped me out last time and got through this that im back again asking for help and advice. I have been on my Sertraline (ZOLOFT) SSRI for 15 months now and started the first few weeks with 25mg then bumped up to 50mg and been on that since. My Doctor prescribedme 100mg of Sertraline but i just break them in half for the last 14 months and i have not had a problem with them at all.   I have Felt better in all aspects of life. The first few months were hard as it took time to get used to the SSRI. But with time i felt pretty good and my brain fog went away and panic attacks were next to nothing. Hung out with friends and family, went to social events, dated and met alot of great people.Life was good So recently my Father passed away on March 3rd and I thought i was taking it well. Family and friends all helped me threw it and no signs of any Anxiety hit me. I thought all was good. I recently started an Official relationship and everything has been going amazing. With my 50mg of Sertraline I have been Ok. Well recently about a week ago I was getting out of bed to start my day when as soon as i stood up I felt a wave of Anxiety hit me. Immediately I had Brain Fog and felt extremely Dizzy on on edge. I thought I just stood up to fast and got dizzy but it has not gone away. I feel the same way like i did before....Helplessness and shaky with a Dizzy feeling. i feel like my Breath is short. and noticed I have been worried about my breathing. I have a loss of appetite and now just moody.  My legs and hands feel like the weigh a ton. I am having trouble again focusing on my work and even walking straight. I know its my GAD that is to blame but I guess what i am looking for is some help and answers. I am afraid of loosing it again. I don't ant it to interfere with my new relationship and life. Is it normal for GAD to come back even while on a SSRI ? Should I up my dose to see if that works?or continue with 50 mg till i feel better ?I am starting to wake up in a panic again and feeling like I am about to die. When I am trying to keep busy and or driving I feel alot better. I want to just be better again. Thank you for taking the time to read this and help. 