My Hypochondria Was The Best Thing To Ever Happen To MeIt's true. That phase in my life where I could not get through the hour without wondering if I was going to hit the floor was (in hindsight) one of the best experiences for me.Severe anxiety was not a typical thing for me. In fact, at the time that mine hit, I had just finished graduating with my second degree. My first is in Human Services, and my second in Behavioral Science. Both of these are very therapy heavy degrees. So, not only was my mental health always sound, but I was also equipped with a large knowledge base/skillset to tackle anything that came my way. Of course, I had some anxiety growing up, but nothing that wouldn't be classified as "normal".Welp, then it hit, completely blindsiding me. All of the sudden, I had this perception of myself as no longer being healthy. To a degree, this was true. I was no longer the athlete that I once was, I felt tired and sore a lot, and I had found out about a year before that I had trace amounts of blood in my urine. At that time, the urologist suggested further testing because of possible cancer, but my ego paid it no mind. I perceived myself as healthy, and, even though I didn't consciously think of it, invincible.Time to get a test done, my mind couldn't relax until I could chew every detail and confirm that there was no possibility of my demise beginning. Of course, cat scan revealed nothing but health, so they knocked me out and stuck a tube up my wee wee to be absolutely certain. Nothing! Woo! I was in the clear, and had a brief period of peace.However, my mental mindset was still the same, and soon every detail I noticed, accompanied with "all-knowing" Web MD, assured me that my death was soon approaching. Maybe that is the wrong way to put it. It was more like I would notice something, and would want to logically confirm that I was ok. At this point my anxiety was minimal. However, upon further research, the generalizations, and overall lack of GOOD information, would reveal an area that would leave my mind unsatisfied, and eventually, anxious. In addition, I could always think of a past thing in my life that I would somehow connect to, "Oh S###, what if this has been going on for a bajillion years!? Thats what this symptom now is!"So, this got really bad, I legitimately thought I was losing it. Derealization. Everything. As my anxiety became out of control, my symptoms grew more and more intense/bizarre.Just to name a few that stand out to me:My vision was like a fun houseHead pains/tinglesRapid heartbeat/chest pain/common resting heart rate of 90-100Visible pulse in neck/stomach/other areasCan feel pulse throughout entire bodyNo sex drive <---- Very uncommon for meCould not get an erection/low sensitivityThings that would normally arouse me, wouldn'tPoor ejaculationStomach painsItty bitty super skinny stoolsBlood when wiping/what looked like blood on stoolStools of all different shapes/sizes/consistenciesIrregular Bowel movementsA million different aches and pains, most of them chronicShort of breathFeeling off balanceFeeling as if I had an inability to comprehend information/communicate effectivelyI died everyday of a strokeI could sit here for the next hour and type out my symptoms.Eventually I got to the point where I grew angry with my mindset. Like, a genuine fury, This wasn't ME.So, that is when I decided to conquer it.For most of us, and a large emphasis on most, anxiety is a SYMPTOM. It is almost never the actual issue. Anxiety is not a disease that just happens, and have no control over. It is the result of us not confronting our deepest emotional issues. It is a sign that we are NOT (even though we may think we are, or may be completely unaware of) dealing with the larger problems. This process of digging and reflecting so deeply is not an easy one. It will involve challenging your perceptions, your beliefs, the core of what you THINK you are. Doing this, will cause you more anxiety.In my experience, health anxiety is largely related to the fear of death, and quality of life. You're not afraid of getting cancer. You're not afraid of having a stroke. You are afraid of ceasing to exist. You are afraid of having to adjust the picture you painted out of how your life would be, to something else. Otherwise, who cares? People get sick all the time, no big deal. Consequently, confronting the fears will minimize the anxiety. This isn't to say that this will be everyone's experience. Everyone's issues and mental makeup are unique to them. But, the issue isn't the anxiety. The anxiety is a gift, communicating to you that you need to make adjustments.Own your experiences. Be HONEST with who you are, and what you have been through.After a long reflective battle (details can be discussed later), I beat my anxiety, and my symptoms ceased, almost like magic. But, I didn't just beat anxiety. I transformed myself. I grew past my deepest depths. A lot of individuals do not experience any anxiety. This is not because they are better, more "normal", or more mentally sound. It is because they are content. Any amount of self-growth, any amount of pushing beyond your boundaries, will cause anxiety. That is a beautiful thing. Follow the anxiety to its core, and grow from it.I've always been amazed by life. Now, I am able to view the world in a way I never was able to before, and it is truly a gift.You are growing. You are changing. You always will be.Do not worry about what the future brings. The future doesn't exist, it is a concept. Everything is only now. When you were in the past, you were in the now. At this moment, you are in the now. When the future comes, you will be in the now. You never know what will happen to you. As children, we dream up our perfect lives, and adults reinforce it. Maybe their lives aren't perfect, maybe they just want the best for you, maybe they just want you to have peace. Nonetheless, our loved ones tell us that we will live long happy lives, free of illness. The reality is, that was NEVER a guarantee. The possibility of death exists everyday in our lives. It has always been that way.However, we perceive ourselves as having controlover many situations, such as car accidents, burglaries, etc. Health issues are particularly troublesome, because we feel as though we can't prevent it, or control it. The truth is, you can't control any of it, and that is ok. It is alright to give up control.The only thing you can actually control in life is yourself, and how you respond to situations.There comes a point when you realize that you aren't invincible, do not fool yourself and continue to provide false reassurances that it will be ok. We will all die. Enjoy your time now, BE ALIVE, and be amazed by all of the beauty there is to experience in this life. The rest is a paradox of "what ifs", a complete distraction to who you are.Find yourself through the anxiety, bring it out, and be yourself.