ÊNew York...Anxiety/Being JudgedI'm not really sure what I'm looking for on here - I feel like people around me have judged me based on the experience I have had... I don't really want anyone trying to sympathise with me I just want to vent a little and see if anyone else has every felt so boxed in by anxiety that has only ever happened once...I am 22 years old, most of my friends would probably describe me as quite confident, loud, happy and pretty 'normal'. I have recently graduated from University with a First in Maths and I completed a placement year whilst at University so am considered pretty successful by my family and friends. After graduating I was offered 2 jobs and an internship in New York so was pretty pleased with my options.ÊThe internship involved working with a major bank in NY whilst completing a PGC in International Business, I would have been living in a sort of University environment with around 300 students in 3 blocks of flats and I was sharing a room, it would have been brilliant experience. I decided to take the internship in New York, I wasn't really that enthusiastic with the idea, I felt like I was giving up a lot, but with everyone telling me what an amazing opportunity it was I felt like I couldn't pass it up.ÊAs soon as I got on the plane my panic attacks started. I had never had panic attacks before. I didn't really feel like I was prepared for what I had let myself in for. Whilst there I attended meetings, training and went on days out and socials with the other interns, but felt like I didn't fit in. My anxiety attacks didn't leave me gasping for breath; I just felt out of control, sick and like I couldn't cope with my surroundings. I felt so overwhelmed.I decided to come home after a week of horrendous panic attacks and feeling like I didn't belong, I didn't even start my job. I now regret coming home so early but was able to get the majority of my tuition fees back so believed it was worth it.ÊSince being back I feel like I am judged for how the experience went, I hate thinking I'm not strong enough to do it and personally think that if I was more prepared in the future I could do something similar. I feel like people box me in and think less of me for my decision to come back. In my head I think it was a strong decision to come home; a lot of people would have felt pressured to stay, but to a lot of people I now seem weak, even to some of my closest friends and family, and I hate that.I just wanted to know whether anyone else has been through this?