Please I need to talk/helpToday I told my mother something that had been bothering me and causing me anxiety for a very long time. Something that I hold a lot of guilt about and that hurts me. I hadn't been thinking about it until I had a breakdown about a month ago, but this doesn't seem to be letting up at the moment. I've been on citalopram 10mg for two weeks and then today I took my first 20mg. I don't know what is causing this extreme anxiety as it was here before I took the 20mg pill, but its possibly (TMI) my period. I didn't know that it could cause anxiety in such force? I feel like I'm back to square one, but worse since I have all the exhaustion from the tablets and the feelings of the side effects from the tablets. I don't think I can cope with this anxiety anymore, I told my mum I wanted to die again and I hate that this comes out my mouth, but the fact that this continues to happen it makes life seem worthless. I feel sick, tired, anxious, foggy brain and just generally irritated. This thing I told my mum I don't think I'll even get over since I was young and can't do anything about it now and it causes me anxiety in everyday life while my anxiety/depression is at such a high level. I just can't seem to rationalize anything about my life and find it hard to get past every few hours rather than just one full day. I can't take anymore time off work and will have to go in tomorrow, but I feel like I might just breakdown and this is causing me to worry even more. This feeling is so lonely, I feel isolated in myself and with these obsessive intrusive thoughts. I just want to feel better, feel like someone other than this. I'd be fine if it weren't even the old me and just not struggling every moment of each day and just trying to keep a lid on things. I don't really have anyone to open up to other than my mum and I've told her enough that she doesn't and shouldn't need to know. So for now I'm just trying to get by with the citalopram and propanolol and telling myself to try and keep going, but its such a huge struggle. I've never had a breakdown before and I also never realized that I was dealing with anxiety/o.c.d/intrusive thoughts until all of it hit me at once with depression and suicidal thoughts. I hate all of it every single moment I hate myself and I can't seem to pull it back and just get on with life. My mum said something about me running from things for too long and now my body just wants to slow down and work things out. It came on 10 fold after I had to make a choice whether I was to move abroad or not and clearly it wasn't for me with how I reacted. I'm so scared I didn't know how unwell I was and find it so lonely to have to deal with it without being honest and having to hold things back from people as they really don't know how to react when I explain things to them. I'm sorry for the long post, I'm just struggling and have been struggling for a while. I really hope these tablets help lift my mood soon.




Things aren't getting better.I feel like I'm starting to take a step back in my stupid anxiety. Tonight I can feel my breathing is different, I'm edgy and my thoughts are all over the place. Who am I? What am I feeling? What should I be feeling? Why am I thinking this? Am I really feeling more anxious again? What if I become a person I don't want to be? I don't even know who I am or what I want to be as it is. I'm taking 2x 40mg of propanolol and 10mg of cit at the moment, I've been on the cit for 2 weeks and propanolol for around 3 and I have a review with the doctor tomorrow morning. I just feel like I'm not going to get anywhere. I'm so scared that I don't know how to love, feel, manage my life or just live and let myself enjoy my own company.I wish this anxiety wasn't a part of my life and I was a normal person :(