Anxiety or Brain injury?Hey Everybody..I've had anxiety for quite a while now and a year ago I was at school and started having difficulty reading. Usually when I read I could hear words in my and and everything would flow. I was suddenly unable to read fluently, with constant pauses and the content was not going into my head. This would eventually be a cycle where I would be fine on some days and end up having days where I could not process anything and simply skim through paragraphs. I would wake up every morning with anxiety and start reading random articles to see whether or not things were fine. I was able to cope, but eventually things took a turn for the worse.When I arrived home for a mid semester break things were fine at the start. I was studying one night and got really frustrated and decided to *moderated*. Things took a turn for the worse as I was suddenly unable to read at all. If I saw a lengthy paragraph I would simply skim over the paragraph without picking up many of the words that I usually say in my head. It usually wasn't as bad, but it seemed like whenever I would concentrate on reading anything, I would feel pressure in my head. The past 2 days have been absolute hell and I'll be seeing a doctor tmrw after being convinced by my parents. This has been debilitating, and Its only getting worse considering that I have so many professional goals that have not been achieved (CPA Exams)....I'm wondering if this would affect my cognitive ability.. I've been reading about Traumatic brain injuriesPlease help.. Lexapro Dosage increase?Hey Everybody!I'm a 21 year old student and I've been suffering with GAD for most of my life. It's gotten pretty bad these past few years to the point where I've entered a cycle where at times I've been unable to read/focus on my textbook readings. I have good days where I can read on and on and focus and wake up the next day with full blown anxiety questioning my ability to read. Its gotten to the point where I'm getting random heart palpitations while reading.. Long story short, I went to the doctors last week when I could not stand it anymore and was prescribed Lexapro. I began taking 20mg, but after the first night I could not stand the side effects and was told to cut down to 10mg. This first week on 10mg was amazing. I woke up with no anxiety, and was reading flawlessly without questioning myself every 10 secs. I was defenitely a lot happier. However, after a week I felt like anxiety creeping back. I'm not sure what to do. I'm scared to increase the dosage to 20mg because I'm scared the side effects will hit me hard, but more importantly, Im scared that the 20mg won't work and that even if it does I might build a tolerance to it. So I'm wondering if it's a good idea to increase the dosage to 15mg instead of 20mg. Any advise would do!Thanks for reading!