Ex Partner with anxiety Ê10    I'm really just writing to try and understand what has happened and try and get some advice. I was seeing someone that openly admitted to having anxiety. She was very open about it coming in to the relationship and it wasn't something that phased me. However she was coming from a very serious relationship and admitted she still had a few anxieties. All was going well and we agreed to be open with each other and for her to tell me when something was wrong. We then got to a point where little things were becoming a problem, one example was we bumped into someone we both knew and she decided that we could not be together anymore because I thought this person was nice and she couldn't stand them, the fact that I thought this person was nice meant to her that I must be like them and therefore we can't be together. A few little things like this kept coming up and we decided that she was not ready for a relationship and to call it a day. No animosity at all. However after that we were missing each other so decided to give it another go until one day I left her house and since she has spoke to me only a few times via text to say she can't do it that I'm aggressive,to stressed and don't respect her job. All these things have never come up before and do not describe me at all. She won't speak to me on the phone or see me. I can't understand it because when I left we were in a good place.i have found this really hard and although I understand her anxiety I'm struggling with my own want for answers and need to see her. The latest has been that I got invited to an event of a group she belongs to (at the time I did not know she was a member) and so my name appeared for her to see. Although we were on semi talking terms she then text me and said she can't believe I've joined this group, I'm a stalker. She has blocked my number and my email. I can't get through to her at all. I am really struggling with what to do? I am finding it hard to deal with the fact that we have ended and I feel like I'm being blamed for a lot of things I haven't done. She has blocked me so I can't even explain and as well as dealing with the break up I'm finding her comments really hurtful and hard to deal with. But most of all she won't talk to me and I feel if I try even harder then I will actually turn into the stalker she's making me out to be. What can I do? I don't want to make her worse, but I need to understand what's happened and what's best for me to do? I don't want our relationship to end with her having these negative thoughts about me but can I change it?