Hopefully not Hopeless...Hi all!I introduced myself the other day:http://www.anxietyzone.com/index.php/topic,106699.0.htmland am happy to be a new member here.I figured I'd fill everyone in on my story and let you know what my goals are. In the short term I am looking for some help with my current situation/anxiety triggers. In the long term, I'd like to become an active member of this community helping others while improving upon myself.Historically speaking, I grew up in a broken home. Both parents were druggies, my mother has some personality issues (undiagnosed), and since then my Dad has become clean (great news!). My mother left my father for my dads brother (and so she could get a free hook up on her drugs) so I was exposed to cheating at a young-ish age (16 years old). Fast forward 10 - 12 years, to about 16 months ago and my girlfriend at the time ended up cheating on me with her boss. I didn't have the greatest self esteem at the time after I had gained about 60lbs and of course took it REALLY bad when I found out what my girlfriend had done. I hit rock bottom. Started drinking alot, feeling pretty depressed etc. In that time I've met someone new who I am totally head over heels for and for the last 6 months she has been extremely happy with me. Until recently. I was put on Wellbutrin about 3 months ago to battle what my doctor and I thought was some mild depression. About a month ago something happened within me that all of my fears and anxiety went crazy. My self confidence went through the floor. I was convinced my girlfriend was about to cheat on me. I started accusing her of things that hadn't happened but I KNEW THEY WOULD, etc. Wellbutrin side effects mentions possibility of extreme distrustfulness and increased anxiety but calls it "rare". Either way I am no longer on the Wellbutrin (as of 3 days ago) and am still having these anxiety attacks. My girlfriend is at a work convention this week. Her ex boyfriend is there too (along with 200 other employees). She has given me no reason to think she'll do something except for my own fear. I'll wake up in the middle of the night unable to fall back asleep worried that at that moment she is with him at that exact moment (in any way, sexually or just talking to him). I won't reach out to her because deep down I know it isn't true and I don't want these episodes to affect our relationship any more than they already have. I'm hopefully not hopeless in all of this and want to try and combat these things and get through them so I can go back to having a normal life. My doctor did prescribe me Lexapro but I haven't started it, mainly because I am afraid of any of the sexual side effects.Is there hope? Or am I just hopefully hopeless?M