Depression and ParanoiaI lately feel like I am losing my mind or will lose my mind. There is something very upsetting which happens with me that I am struggling to get a handle of. Throughout the day my mind races from topic to topic, but usually cycles through similar ones over and over. I have many depressing thoughts aboutWestern society as a whole. I keep reading and researching articles online about how the social climate is much better in Europe; as it is more family centered and a collective community. Everywhere I go I see paranoia and individualism in America. I keep noticing how competitive, envious, "ice-walled" people are to eachother; and its just miserable.Whenever I go to the gym - that is always the worst place for me, as people there I find rude, conceited, snobbish and generally no one talks to/with eachother. This links with above. Seeing drugs and alcohol everywhere/ fat americans and people with no ambitions, disciplines, etc. Rude people. Just a solitary mindset people seem to have. This is so lonely to me. At times I often daydream and wish I could just move to Europe or some other place where there aren't so many lonely souls. I often think how lonely I am. It's hard to make friends here. I'll find myself dwelling and even obsessing on that Americans suck as friends. They don't even know what the term means I'm convinced. I haven't had a real good friend in over a decade. Nobody here, for the aformentioned reasons, makes friends with you because they don't put time/effort in to doing so. I keep noticing more how manly and masculinized American women are, and quite frankly, obnoxious some of them are, and for almost ALL of them - how unapproachable they make themselves to be...I really feel sorry for American men. Even foreign men have noticed this, and dislike it. I look at European women who are still so feminine and beautiful and wish I could just get out of here. When I don't sleep my thoughts turn to the paranoid. I keep retracing something over and over - did I make a mistake or not. I'll reanalyze things over and over and - at times I can't tell reality from my crazy paranoid fears in my head. I'll think things like everyone hates me. Or that they are talking about me behind my back. I'll extrapolate situations in my head and draw conclusions that may not be true. It feels very paranoia like. I hate this it is very scary. ...I don't want to be negative/depressed and unhappy. These are the things I think about when I go out, or am at home. They just cross my mind and try as I may I can't escape them. I keep running into them over and over which tells me they definitely exist. I guess I just have to accept it - maybe I'm focusing too much exlusively on only the negative? .....I also do this. I will sit down and just dwell on things and find things that bother me that are bad, and dwell on them with thought. I don't mean to do this but it just always happens. ... It's like I'm figuring something out or something. But I know it's not healthy. I'm working at stopping it. It's giving me a skewed view. Any feedback or advice? Thanks.This is a Complete Nightmare.I have so much anxiety. I have pretty much all kind of anxiety; the only thing I do not have is panic attacks. I have Everything else. It is ruining my life. I feel like I am going crazy. I can't function. I can't barely concentrate. ...I have the worst/scariest thoughts come into my head while during the day - especially at work or when I need to do something important. I have constant social anxiety...it comes along with those catastrophe thoughts. I just feel so completely, awfully, terrible. I feel like I am in hell. What makes it worse is that people mistake my physical anxiety for irritation or frustration. I keep having to embarrasingly explain to them; that I am anxious. That I am not angry. And I of course start getting paranoid that everybody thinks I am angry, which makes me more anxious. It's a cycle. I feel so isolated/lonely. People want to like me; but I irrationally think/feel like they don't. It has always been like this. I panic and freak out so bad I have to leave. Sometimes I panic I have Aspergers. I get all kinds of crazy thoughts that tell me I do (have it). I used to have terrible debilitating absolutely consuming OCD. I don't know if that's what this is anymore, it all kind of blends and it all feels similar. I can't think. I am irrational.I'm so extremely self conscious - I did not think it was possible to be THIS self conscious as I am. It's like my mind went and tried to be as Self conscious as it can be, to the exclusion of anything else. Like its running a marathon. I cannot explain the degree of this. It is astounding. The worst things occur to me, automatically - constantly. I cannot hide them. I cannot block them. I cannot stop them from affecting me. It's like somebody ran inside my brain and turned on the "EXTREME PANIC about Everything" switch, which was nightmare-vision and worst case scenario vision. My obsessions, I believe them. ...I believe it when my mind says when I am talking to somebody and I worry that they are looking at me, or "did i look at them funny" ..my mind says I have Aspergers and they are looking at me funny. I'm weird/an outcast, this person thinks I'm a freak and is about to run off. I end so many conversations because of this. Because I'm afraid. .. These are interfering with my relationships and my ability to interact and let people see my true personality. They all think I'm shut off, weird or there's something upsetting me. .....what the ###$ do I do? How do I live like this/ It has got to stop. Sometimes I feel that I can't use my mind at all. All there is is panic thoughts. I can't reason - all my reasoning I can't tell if it is what I really believe or what. Then I really freak out and panic. Like when I'm talking to somebody, I start hving all these questions ;do i like them, is this awkward. are they looking at me. ..like every irrational thought I can have, I have it. It comes in waves. Sometimes It is very extreme. WHen it happens I think they must be looking at me crazy. What if I run out of the room....in fear or terror. I have that thought too. I'm not on medication but am going to begin. I can't exist like this anymore. I panic/have anxiety so much I cannot at times - discern what is real rational from what is jus tpanic in my head. And there is no time to figure it out in social situations. Do you know how awful this is!?!?I feel like this is hell.




What is happening here?Okay. I'm going to attempt to explain just what the hell is happening with me. I can't understand it. I need some help/advice. Okay. My anxiety ...or whatever the hell is happening with me, is out of control. I have panic, sensations of anxiety/panic/obsessive intrusive thinking...looping cyclical thoughts, strange feelings of being disintegrated and disoriented - literally disoriented. It is a living hell. Pot smoking, I think, has been adding to the problems...but I only think so. I have and hold so many anxious thoughts in my head - they have become my "temporary" reality. .when i experience them. I am so closed off from other people. I've even come to believe I may have Aspergers. I'm freaking out about everything. I'm 28 and male. I feel terrible, horrible. Every single day. I'm not medicated. I've started a new job recently. I'm under a lot of stress. Almost every interaction with others is painful, terse or uncomfortable due to my anxiety or obsessive compulsive mind-nature. Though I have been thinking it could be ..something else; or something? Like, I'm just weird and my brain is doing all kinds of weird stuff. I overthink things, have trouble with interactions, WORRY CONSTANTLY about how I'm perceived, if I'm doing something wrong, etc. .....basically every second of interactions with others. I worry constantly. That's all I can say. I am a nervous wreck. Have been taking to smoking pot lately to try to quell and relax myself. Seems to have caused thoughts to become more distorted/ perceptions strange. ..etc. I feel that I have "magical thinking" to the extreme degree now, and overvalued ideation. ..I can only describe it as it feels like, for example: I was sitting in a chair today in a meeting for work. Everyone was talking and a normal social group dynamic. Suddenly my head's filled with different kinds of intrusive thoughts ...I notice these weird 'things' such as; "I notice that I seem to have the ability to connect lucidly with others - but almost never do" due to my overthinking. ....I keep thinking everything is Aspergers.....obsessive fear now. I notice that I do strange things - or maybe notice them strangely, obsessively. ..Like when I sigh out of anxiety. I look up and people look at me. There is a nother angle sometimes If i would sigh i could do it with a different awareness like laugh when others look over and so they know. It's much easier. Why do I get caught in the first one, anyway? Why do I continue to overthink if it does nothing positive for me? I feel so distraught, confused. Frustrated, stuck....clueless and worst of all.....I feel like my life is failing. What do I do with all these concerns/fears?I don't know. -- Fri Jan 09, 2015 1:07 pm -- Everythings analytical. I keep breaking things down and thinking overthinking about everything. This has become a way of life, now. It's every second, every day. Do I have aspergers? Because this is contributing to me having difficulty socially, does this mean i have aspergers? Please help me. I know I'm OCD, and obsessing definitely about this. But this also might be true.