My Anxiety story ... should I try Sertraline, Xanax?Hi everyone,ÊI'm a 20yo male suffering from anxiety disorder with mild agoraphobia. It's been ~7 months since it all started basically out of nowhere - Had to quit college. Since then there have been many ups and downs - sometimes I was ok for couple weeks, able to go out, do things with little to medium anxiety depending where I was, even got a job, that I quit after one month because throughout 1 week it got worse .. to a state where I couldn't even get out of my house, just laid in bed, watching tv series.ÊFirst I was prescribed Citalopram and Clonazepam, first 1/2tab made me feel lethargic, low HR, discomfort - didn't take it. Then I got better event without it, but after ?3 months (when I had the job) it got much worse. Then, about a month ago I was prescribed Sertraline (aka. Zoloft) and Xanax. Didn't start taking it (was afraid?). But here I am, feeling better again, able to do things again, just not feeling 100% when I am out, but overall fine. Since Nov 2014 I haven't been drinking, smoking or drinking caffeine, just started eating warm foods more and been taking magnesium supplements since then till now (tried couple of them).ÊMy symptoms range from very high HR to very low HR (<50) at rest, couple different kinds of "weird beats" (palpitations) when resting, sitting, anxious, after physical activity etc., several different kinds of chest pains, some of them radiating to left pec/shoulder/arm, chest tightness, in extreme cases cramps (tetany) etc etc.ÊAs I said, currently I feel good, only get anxious after a while driving or in doctors' waiting rooms, public transport, sometimes shops, offices, or when I am just alone somewhere no near home etc. ... about 6 weeks ago I was stuck to bed though, even shower or a number 2 was a challenge for me.ÊMy question is, What should I do? Should I try taking Sertraline? Will it prevent me from getting worse again, not getting anxious whereever, to function properly for a longer period of time, to be able to continue college or to work again?ÊWhat else should I do/try? I want my old life back :/Please help. Thanks.