Anxiety, God and Prayer I have been afraid to post this because of the responses that I might get.  I wrote this on a note pad when I was thinking about prayer and what others have told me about prayer and what I have experienced. After I finished writing, I thought maybe I should share this?! Others told me about the power of prayer, maybe I should in turn tell someone else too about the power of prayer....Most of you probably already know, some of you probably don't even care or disagree, But for those of you (like myself not long ago) don't know, or just need to be reminded that we have prayer as another one of our tools or technics against anxiety.   I put off writing this many times, because I dont know where to or how to start this off. So much has happened...But then I reminded myself that God will give me the words. I need to tell my anxiety story, so that someone else can read this and gain that peace with-in themselves the kind of peace that only comes from God. The kind of peace that I have been longing for, that gave me the courage to walk into a church after about 20 some years. I use to go to church alot when I was a child, many different churches. Whatever church bus was running in my neighborhood, I would get on it (usually alone) and go to whatever church it was taking me to. My health Anxiety started back in December when I had diarrhea then it progressed to diarrhea with nausea everyday all day for two months. I finally thought to myself "what if I'm causing my own symptoms, what if this is all due to Anxiety?". After that day I began to fight the symptoms. I would wake up panicked every morning. With diarrhea, nausea, fatigue, anxiety, dizziness, headache, dry mouth and a lump feeling in my throat. After drinking an ensure, just to make myself feel like I was getting some sort of nourishment in my body I would begin to clean my house, then when I would take breaks I would play pc games. Anything to keep myself moving and atleast part of my mind off my symptoms. Doing anything at all was extremely difficult because my mind was always on thinking about my physical and emotional symptoms. I believed that I was dying, I felt like I was dying. I kept telling myself "How could Anxiety cause all these physical symptoms, these symptoms are real and when I Google them I read information that tells me to see a Doctor right away". The truth is that Anxiety did cause all my symptoms and more including racing heart, sweating palms, rashes on and on. Anxiety is the monster that hides inside your closet or under your bed, just waiting to sneak up on you to fill you with fear and doom. Anxiety is like a ghost haunting your house (body) you can hear it and even feel it approaching but yet you cant see it, and you cant point it out to others. You feel the effects of it on you physically and emotionally, yet you cant just remove it from you, because its the invisible burden that we suffer from.  I begun to pray each morning when I woke up "God please heal whatever is causing this weird, lump, uncomfortable feeling in my throat and please heal whatever is wrong with my stomach". Surprisingly after I would pray, that feeling in my throat would go away, or maybe not so surprisingly he is God after all! I would pray for strength, energy, guidance, hope, whatever I needed most at that moment or whatever I knew I would need to get through the day. I have begun to lean on God, and let God help me, I've begun to accept and have faith that if I pray God is listening to me (and you) and he wants to help me (and you).  And I know saying "just pray" seems to simple and most of the time overwhelming to do with all the thoughts running around in our heads and all the fear holding us in place and all the physical symptoms paining us and stressing our minds. But with God you can mind peace. At first that peace will come slowly and you will have to continue to pray daily. God can hear you and you will with prayer and church begin to heal. I say and church because church is were your friends and support will come from, even if its just a hug or a hand shake you will feel love from others who are truly faithful. It may take many tries to find a church that you feel at home in, but that church, your church is out there and there is a set that God is just waiting for you to fill. "Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God" (Phil. 4:6).And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. Finally, brothers and sisters, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things. Whatever you have learned or received or heard from me, or seen in me—put it into practice. And the God of peace will be with you (Phil. 4: 7-9). Pray, then thank God as if he has already healed you and thank him again for all that you have and will have in the future. Pray for others as well as yourself. For whoever reads this I pray that you will find that peace that only comes from God, I pray that he will bless you, comfort you, heal you mind, body and soul, And I pray that he will guild you and make you a blessings to others.  