Obsessive thoughts bringing me downToday is a very emotional day for me, I have been crying quite a bit over thoughts of how I am. What I want to ask here is if anyone is going through or has overcome what I believe I am going through. Today was my first day with my consoler. I told him what I had and he believes it can be treated without medication(for some reason I am against medication and the pain i'm going through is really tough). Last night I tried to sleep but managed to get none what so ever. So basically from what I have observed I am plagued by both intrusive and obsessive thoughts. Today even when I was running they still drag me down I feel trapped in my own mind. I make efforts to challenge every single one of them for example, the thought of never coming out of this comes into my mind, I challenge it and say "yes I will I just have to keep going, time will heal it" I don't get the feel good reassurance feeling when I tell myself that. Then I get some crazy thoughts like "do I even want to get better?" when obviously I do look at all these efforts I make but why must I have so much doubt and uncertainty. It's like I am my own worst enemy and don't want to help myself out even though i'm trying things to help myself feel better. I'm exercising, making efforts to eat better and now just started meditating. Perhaps the worst is suicide intrusive thoughts  I can't quit, I can't kill myself, I must go on I'm not sure where I find the strength but I do. I challenge every single suicidal thought that comes to mind but it brings terrible feeling that starts in my stomach. How could I have ever lived so free and now at the age of 20 been brought down by whatever this may be. Has anyone been through this, please I am begging for help. I love you all and If I come out of this some day I will give back to those who need it. Love Dillon.can anyone relate? please readOkay before I start I just wanted to say I have now found a psychiatrist to go to. so lately I haven't been feeling good mentally (for about 6 or so months now) It all started in the summer before leaving to go away to school. I just remember feeling less interested in what I used too etc, then one day with friends I went hiking and had my first experience of what I think was derealization which was so weird to me. Then I went to school and my anxiety picked up or atleast I kept telling myself for a long time it was, I just felt so not myself and stressed/in my head, anxious etc lack of interest in things. the whole time away at school. So lately now I've moved back home and have been having trouble because I want to know whats wrong with me. I can't shake these thoughts I would do anything to just snap out of this. I can't sleep good at night, I usually toss and turn till about 5 a.m.(my brain just won't stop thinking about this. I think I am obsessed with something being wrong with me, I go to the gym to try and stop the thoughts but they can be so overwhelming. What's making it worse Is that I keep thinking I am seeing things out of the corning of my eye, I'm not hearing any voices or actually hallucinating but still I obsess over the idea of schizophrenia or that I will wind up completely losing my self/control and It really brings me down. I also get unwanted images/thoughts but i always tell myself they aren't real. Lastly, Sometimes I am fine and other times when I go out I'm not, so I geuss mood is kind of unstable right now but i'm never overwhelmingly happy or sad. Please if anyone has similar experience PLEASE speak up I can't live with this anymore, thank you so much My positive progress with my anxiety!! :) but have some questions!Ok so I recently dropped out off school because it was my first time ever with anxiety and i was afraid I might end up losing it at school. Im 20 now, first time ever in my life for the past few months experiencing this. Have seen my GC twice and he seems okay. Anyways I suffered anxiety moderately at the start of college but then from a panic attack pretty i got after doing cocaine made it worse. Anyways for a good while now i've suffered from panic attacks but they have stopped I no longer sit in my room crying. More importantly my insomnia is starting to go away, I still wake up early but I can actually fall asleep which I bet is helping. However, I am still wondering when these thoughts will stop and if anyones ever expeirenced anything like it. Granted i sit at home a lot and don't distract myself too much, I noticed all day long I have these intrusive and repitive thoughts about my anxiety, im basically stuck in my head. Like literally all day i think about myself and anxiety, sometimes I analyze but im working on accepting that its just anxiety. I also am getting much better at not listening to my thoughts such as intrusive suicidal or weird thoughts that used to bother me. has anyone experienced this kind of obsessive phase?