Teeth obssesionHi,For about 3 years I have had obssesive thoughts about my teeth. Before that time I used to neglect my teeth and I didn't go to the dentist for a long time.Since I have developed this obssesion I have spent a lot of time thinking and worrying about my teeth. As a way of reassuring myself I have started to take pictures of my teeth with my camera.ÊThis has helped me to keep track of any changes that might occur to my teeth.ÊI have noticed that I tend to focus on different teeth at different times. For instance this year the filling on one of my front teeth came loose and I started to obssess over my front teeth. At the moment I am obsessing over the back tooth on the left side and last year I was obssesing over the back tooth on the right side. I also tend to obssess over the amount of sugar that I eat and try to eat as little sugar as possible. At the moment I am worrying that I might have eating too much sugar and that it has caused me to have a cavity.ÊDoes anyone else have this obsession?WorryHi,I find that I worry a lot and that my mind tends to go from worrying about one thing to worrying about something else. Sometimes when somebody mentions something that I hadn't even been thinking about before I start to worry about that. I have been like this for quite a long time and it can be quite tiring when I am worried about something and it is always on my mind. I am worrying about something at the moment and I find that my mind just keeps focusing on it all the time and I spend all my time thinking about it. I would like to be able to stop worrying, not feel anxious and just live in the moment. It is not all the time and there have been times when I have not been worried but at when I am worrying I find it hard to think about anything else.



Anxiety about bowel movementsHi,I find this subject is slightly embarrassing but I wonder if anyone else has experience of it and can offer me any advice.A few weeks ago I had the experience of needing to use the bathroom to have a bowel movement but being unable to do so for a prolonged period of time. This caused me to feel anxious and to experience some unpleasant symptoms.ÊEver since that time I have become hyper aware of needing to use the bathroom and I now feel anxious if I have to wait , even for a short time. For example today I needed to use the bathroom but I was unable to do so for a short period of time but I still felt anxious about it.ÊI have also started to have similar anxieties about needing to urinate.Has anyone else got experience of this and how to deal with it?I would be very grateful if anyone could give me any advice about this.Thanks

