Suicide.. Please help meI will try keep this short, but I really need someone to talk me down because I can't do it on my own..A week ago, my flatmates saved my life, they stopped me from killing myself because of my depression anxiety..One of my flatmates is a guy I used to hang around with, he left me for his ex then came back and went with my best friend who is also my flatmate but they aren't in a relationship, hes just playing her.. Needless to say, he is a player. We all know this.ÊThe other night, he was helping me through another panic attack, I kissed him.. It meant nothing and I would never ever hurt my best friend, she is everything to me, I was in a state where I didn't know what was happening, I guess a lot of you people know what I mean, and I know there is no excuse. He slept in my bed with me that night because he had to watch me, I told her about that, Just not the kiss. The problem I have is that I haven't told her and I know if I do, I will lose her and I cannot deal with that, and I know I will harm myself.. If I was in a right state of mine, I would have told her the second it happened but I can't survive without her. Please help me.. I need to talk to someone who understands..Why can't there be a quick fix -.-I live in a flat with 4 other people, 1, I have known since the day I was born (godsister) 2 of them have known since I was 10/11 and the other one I met in feb, and I ended up messing around with him for a while before I moved in..My flatmates had to save me from committing suicide the other day, they were incredible but I know that I cannot always count on them to get me out of that situationSo mum has been trying to get me to go back to her house for a week or so, Just so she can look after me.ÊThe problem is that when I am away, I am permanently thinking about what they all could be saying about me, am I missing out on something, are the people who know my secrets spreading them to the rest of them? And I cannot get it out of my head, even when I m home in my room and people are upstairs in the lounge, I cannot, not try and listen to what they say.I cannot be the first person to sleep, I am always the last to sleep just incase I miss out on something or I can be around to hear if anyone is talking about me,I do understand that these people probably have way better things to talk about but I just can't get it out of my head..ÊI have to constantly deal with this 24/7 and I don't know how much longer I can deal with this..