Need some really good advice on how to help myselfAnother miserable night.. Haven't slept and now the suns coming up. I feel like I'm running in circles with panic/anxiety/depression/suicide/hypochondria.. Nothing is working. I feel so selfish because this anxiety and constant worry and panic 24/7 has turned me into such a self-absorbed/self-obsessive prick since I had my first panic attack. My doctor bills are ridiculous that I don't know how to pay them but I know that I have an anxiety problem but I keep searching for a medical cause of it. And now I'm thinking I have some going on with my adrenal glands like a tumor or something because I read that could cause burst of panic but even when I know it's just anxiety and panic that makes thinks more complicating to me because it's something me and only me can do something about. Which is terrifying because I don't have any independence skills.. I haven't worked because my anxiety is so bad. These things tend to always turn into rants when I write them.. But I'm at a loss. Like, I'm in this constant struggle to get better. I'm always in this struggle with eating healthy.. Trying to do what I can to be as good looking as possible because I'm extremely self-conscious. I just have this constant stress and pressure over my head to better myself and turn into something better than what I am. Anyway basically I'm tired of people saying that they have done things to get better but don't really tell me the things that really helped them so if someone could really give me advice on what could help that would be great. I don't have money to do a lit if things but I just want to know how to help myself because I don't want to be a suicide victim because I'm sick of thinking any minute I'm going to start having haulicinations or go mad.. I'm 22 and I'm afraid my life is just a wasteConquer fear of going crazy/Schizophrenia?I have extreme generalized anxiety, panic, hypochondria, depression, blah.. Blah.. Everything. I'm either terrified of dying or going crazy. They flip flop. I'm afraid I'm going to completely lose touch of reality.. I'll question every thought I have. If a song gets stuck in my head. I listen to a lot of talk radio and I'll get that stuck in my head and it'll go off randomly. For example, I'll be brushing my teeth and hear a song then hear the artist in the song in like an interview or something talking about random stuff or hear the radio people talking about random stuff. Everyone tells me I'm overthinking it and everyone gets stuff stuck in their head and has imagination. Any tips on how to get over this fear?