Could Prozac Cause Worse Anxiety?I am a 30 year old female. I've known that I've had an anxiety issue since I was a teen. I was on medny years then I was better so I went off completely. I was fine for 5 years until recently where I started to severely spaz out and have intense intrusive thoughts and a constant sense of dread/restlessness. I also wasn't sleeping. I had been on Prozac before so I found a doctor to prescribe it to me again. It's been 5 years since I've had anything like this in my system and I've had maybe 5 doses of it as of now. So I just started (10mgs a night).ÊSince then my anxiety has gotten even worse and I notice even weirder problems than I had before. Like now, sometimes when I speak the sound of my own voice makes me anxious. I don't know why but it does. Like things sound weird. That's never happened before. Also sometimes, when trying to fall asleep I'll have really STRONG memories. Not flashbacks but like I'll be dozing and I'll think of something and it'll trigger an intense memory from years ago. Nothing violent or even worrisome just like a very vivid place that I've visited. For instance last night I was trying to fall asleep and suddenly I had a strong memory of being at a dinner party event at a family friend's house. It was bothersome, like a memory of an intrusive thought, even though nothing bad happened in the memory. It makes me anxious when this happens, overly so, and I freak out and have to sit up and distract myself for a while before it does away. Even thinking about that bothers me.ÊRight now I'm under a lot of stress, I haven't been sleeping, I just reunited with my birth mother I never even knew her after 30 years I finally find her) and I JUST started prozac. I'm not eating as well as I should be and I'm very underweight due to existing stomach conditions and prozac is zapping my appetite which isn't good for me. I'm having all these weird anxiety issues I never had before and now I'm terrified they won't stop. I am supposed to see my therapist this week but I'm wondering if the prozac could be doing this. The thing is I have been on it before and I don't remember this happening but to be fair it's been 5 years so I don't know. One of my absolute biggest fears ever is going insane. I live in constant terror that I will have a psychotic break and hurt myself or someone else. I have no history of violent behavior and haven't been suicidal in like 10 years. I just want the anxiety to stop which is why I've gone on the prozac but the prozac just seems to be making it SO much worse. Should I just push through this? Keep taking it? Will it get better?ÊI'm not a danger to myself or anyone else I mean if I felt that way trust me I'd get help I'm just scared like ALL the time and if someone can reassure me that it's the prozac (I know on prozac anxiety can get worse beforer it gets better) I might be able to talk myself through this. Anyone have any thoughts?