Convinced I have a heart problem at 18......Hi everyone, im new here, anyway.....Ive been suffering from anxiety for almost 2 years now regarding health issues (I have anxiety about my heart) and it started when I had an attack in the gym when I was 17, My GP at the time (who wasnt very good) said I had SVT without doing any tests or anything he said it as soon as I said my heart was racing and I felt funny. Ive had tests (ECG's, BP tests, blood tests) which have all came back fine but I feel that my heart isn't in good health  Ive developed flutter feelings in my chest over the last 6 months and I recently had the worst panic attack of my life.About 4 days ago I had the worst panic attack of my life after I got out of the bath. I had a flutter feeling in my chest then it hit me, symptoms developed over about 10 minutes and lasted what felt like forever but in reality was only about 10 minutes: Racing heart, dry mouth, hot/prickly skin sensations, feeling of being heavy, legs felt heavy, weird taste in my mouth, weird smell in my nose?, tingling with numbness in both arms and hands, tingling in feet, tingling and numbness on my face and back of my head, slight light headed feeling, heavy breathing, choking feeling, body tremors, shaking, went from being hot to being really cold and there the symptoms I can remember.Mum called the ambulance and they did 2 ECG's and BP test, my ECG was normal but it was obviously high and my BP was 170/80.I went to my (new) GP who gave me a diazapam to calm me down and it worked, he did another BP test this time it had come down to 130 over something and my heart rate was 56bpm, he's referred me to a cardiologist to rule anything out!Anyway today I was lifting some weights, and I got the hot/prickly skin sensations, then my legs felt heavy, then it felt like my throat was closing over, my breathing was heavy, heart wasn't as fat as last time but it was racing slightly, got a dry mouth and weird taste, both hands started tingling slightly, felt like I was going to vomit, felt really hot in my face and I felt slightly uncoordinated and light headed.I stopped and went to the bathroom and shoved my face in cold water which seemed to stop me from panicking for a bit, then I did it again and went and lay down in bed and I started to feel normal quite quickly then I had a sleep and woke up feeling normal, just a bit tired and groggy. I haven't been sleeping properly recently and I think its making it worseWhat is happening to me!? are they panic attacks for certain!? im constantly on edge about it, all day everyday, do I have a heat problem? I don't even smoke, drink or do drugs and no one in my family has a heart condition (apart from my grandad who had a heart attack in his 50's due to stress, hes in his mid 80s now) I need advice, thanks