Stressful few months ahead, how can i stay calm???Okay, im a teen girl (im 16) and lived in the same place for 14 years and then moved country, I was much happier in the new place we moved to, however, I started to develop a lot of anxiety before my exams because I changed my subjects very last minute and ended up having to catch up and study ALOT!!! I already had high expectations of myself (my target grades for all my subjects were A's) and my parents began to encourage me to better my grades by paying for tuition which I was really grateful for, but the more they tried to help me, the more I wanted to do well, anyway, before my exams I got incredibly nervous- so much that I couldn't sleep and was vomiting. A month after my exams, I moved back to England and the same area I had lived in previously, when I moved though, I left very good friends, my sister and also my year old nephew. I started A levels at college in September and have tried to get on with everything, and not many people know that I struggle a lot with anxiety - I have only told two of my friends because I don't want lots of people to know.My anxiety hasn't been diagnosed, but after starting college, I started getting a lot of headaches and dizziness, I also took a few days off college because I collapsed a couple of times, ive only recently gone to the doctors because I haven't been eating properly (I think its because of a loss of apetite because of all the worrying) and I also have suffered from shortness of breath, racing heart, headaches and dizziness - the doctor wants me to have a blood test to see if im anaemic and also wants me to have an ecg to see if I have any heart conditions but after talking to a friend about it, she thinks it might have been a mini panic attack (it lasted no longer than three minutes) but its happened two times now  I have exams coming up in about 25 days, and I could not be more stressed, even looking at a text book makes me feel physically sick and when I get a question wrong or cant understand something, I get very frustrated at myself and worry about it a lot, im scared that I wont be able to cope with these exams and im extremely worried I will fail all of my subjects!!! My estimated grades are straight A's for all my subjects and I am doing A level Maths, Chemistry, Biology and Spanish.So what I want to know is if there is anything I can do to stay calm and anything I can do to prevent myself from panicking? Also, do you think that those 3 minute things are panic attacks or something else - I still felt in control, but I felt like I couldn't breathe and my heart beat sped up, I had to lie down because I felt like I was going to faint??? Any help would be really appreciated  Thank you!!!!