Seeing things that aren't there, anxiety and paranoia?First off, I just want to say that I am an atheist, and I do not believe in the supernatural or anything of that nature. Think "spirit orbs" or whatever people call them. If some of the religious people in my family found out what I've been seeing, I could absolutely see them saying that it is "spirits" or something like that. It's nothing personal to anyone, I just don't believe in those things.  So, back in 2012, I starting seeing weird object-like things out of the corner of my eyes. They are always dark in color. I will turn and look, and nothing will be there. I am always kind of scared because of it and looking over my shoulder. I notice this happens at night when I am alone. It is almost like someone is walking by out of the corner of my eye. Is this happening because I am anxious? I am not on any medications, by the way. I have thought that I heard voices before, but that is rare. I've also had some pretty bad thoughts that I can't seem to get of my head. Nothing that I would actually do, and nothing to do with the people I love/my family though.One time in particular, in June of 2012, I saw a white, small, ball-like "thing" dart off and down my bed as soon as I opened up my bedroom door when I got out of the shower. This was the absolutely most frightening because I was in a really good mood, my step brother and step sister came to visit, and my anxiety was basically at a 0. I was really happy that day. I frantically shut the door and ran to get my step sister. I had tears in my eyes because it frightened me so bad, and I was shaking terribly. I'm not sure if she believed me, but she did have sympathy for me. I have known her since she was pretty young, and she has never seen me act like that, ever. I'm like 2-3 years older than her, so it felt odd having her come look in my room for a "white object" while I freaked out. It was absolutely the most realistic time I had seen something. I looked directly at it. When I see the black things move out of the corner of my eye, I know that it's my mind playing tricks on me because I am paranoid and alone. When I saw that small white ball-like thing move off of my bed, I didn't even know what to think, because I wasn't alone, I was calm, and I wasn't expecting to see anything. This is the only time I've seen that white object, the rest are just black and out of the corner of my eye. (We also do not have mice in my house)  I know that these are just things that my head is messing with me. But why? I have questioned myself before as to if I even saw anything. It is just so unrealistic to me, but I know what I saw and see. I've never seen a person shape or animal (thankfully.) I always feel like someone is watching me wherever I am at, and at night I fear that my house is going to get broken into and I'm going to be killed or abducted. I'm afraid when I leave the house, that someone is going to break in and do something to my dog. I just worry about things that I care about a lot. Obviously, this happens to everyone. I don't make a big deal out of it to the people though, and nobody notices it. It really does worry me more than it should on the inside. I live in a nice neighborhood and town where that rarely ever happens. My house has never been broken into. I'm scared to death of driving and car accidents. It worries me so bad when my boyfriend or certain family members has to drive somewhere. Nobody close to me has ever even gotten into a fatal car accident. However, my dad has been in multiple car accidents since I was little, so I think that may have something to do with it. I think I am just a worrier about some things. I cannot help it.Anyways, back to the objects I see... Seeing things has happened to me at multiple houses I've been to. I briefly mentioned something about it to my step dad who is a nurse and he started explaining eye floaters to me. These are absolutely not eye floaters, they are objects that my mind is making up. I know what eye floaters look like and these are not it. I have amazing vision also. Never had to use contacts or glasses. I have depression and probably some other things that haven't been diagnosed.The thing is, despite seeing things that make me nervous when I AM alone, I actually really enjoy being alone. I like doing things by myself. I'm pretty independent.Has anyone had any similar experiences or know anything about what I just described? I'm a female at 18 years old. I'm sorry if this is all over the place. This is my first post. It's just hard for me to explain sort of, and I could go on and on about different things. Haha. I just want to know if anyone has had similar experiences. Thank you for taking the time to read this if you've gotten this far. My name is Jasmine. 