What is happening to me?I'm a 18 year old female. If I describe myself, I would say I'm outgoing, kind, funny and caring. I do not have any problems being social or talking to other people, in fact I'm good at getting people to laugh and I'm not afraid of expressing my views. I'm a extrovert, or I think I was.Everything I know about myself has changed. I'm not outgoing anymore, I'm not "funny" and I don't joke as much as I did back then. Last year I had a great circle of friends in school, we were around 6-7 girls that always hanged out. But then something happened. We did have a small conflict and I was able to solve it. But after that nothing is as usual. I don't care anymore about majority of them. I rarely text them or have any contact with them. When I'm in school I barely even greet them. I only hang out with 3 girls like before, the rest I just ignore. I mean not ignore but It feels meaningless. It feels like I'm not as close to anyone as before.I also have these strange feelings of being unliked so I don't even try to hold contact with them because I have this paranoid feelings of being rejected, being talked behind my back etc. This is the opposite of the real me, because 12 months back I would not be like this. I also believe some of my friends has noticed this behavior, like they can feel how we have drifted apart. It's like I don't belong anywhere.I have OCD and anxiety but it has never affected my social life in any way. I just feel miserable and like someone is trying to run over my personality and make me a different person. I want to be my old self again, with a lot of self confidence, humor and kindness. My social circle has become smaller and I hate that. I assume people are not willing to commit to me because I'm so bad at committing myself. When I make deep friendship I always leave in the sense that I don't put as much energy and loving into it as the other part. Please help me as I want to resume to a life full of joy, love and energy.