Never feel "good" anymore, what should I do?It's gotten to the point where my anxiety makes me feel sick almost every single day. I'm 16 and have had severe anxiety for 10/11 years, and for the past 2 years, it's been giving me headaches, an extremely tight throat (it's hard to explain, but it makes me feel so sick), tooth/jaw pain, hot flashes, dizziness, diet restrictions, insomnia, nausea and "gaggy" feelings, and more. I have to take Advil/Pepto Bismol/Nauzene/Tums almost every single day (not all of them every day, normally one or two) and I know it isn't healthy. I now consider my anxiety a physical and mental illness, as it literally presents a lot of the same symptoms as a prolonged bout of gastroenternitis/a flu. I'm so sick of this, it's so difficult as it's basically an invisible mental illness, so no one ever believes that I feel this sick from a mental disorder. I would give anything for one normal day where I felt 100% healthy both mentally and physically, but I'm not sure how to make that happen. My anxiety mainly revolves around a fear of vomiting (Emetephobia) and slight OCD that revolves around a fear of going crazy/schizophrenia/being suicidal. I have been and out of various therapists since kindergarten and I'm currently in therapy. I've tried Xanax and Zoloft, and had horrible reactions to both. I've tried a bunch of different vitamins and supplements too. I'd love to go to a doctor and just get a thorough workup where he could help me pinpoint my physical symptoms and hopefully find some things to alleviate them, but I'm not sure if that's possible. I used to be very social and athletic but for the past two years I've spent my weekends in bed because going out seems like so much effort and my weekdays feeling miserably ill in school. I'm a very good student but I miss so much school because it's so difficult to go. I barely have friends anymore, and my life isn't enjoyable, it's basically the same thing every day- get up, survive, go to bed. I don't want to live like this anymore. I would give anything to feel 100% healthy for a day both physically and mentally so that I could actually live my life. Please help, what do I do?Ê