Health Anxiety, vision problems, hot flashes. Expert opinion needed!My name is Sean and i'm a 34 year old male in fairly good shape (215 pounds). I run 2 miles per day. Last year was pretty stressful for me searching for a job, bills, new job, etc. I felt alot of stress and some anxiety but I always seemed to manage my emotions without loosing control, and I can shamefully admit that I medicated with alcohol most nights to take the edge off.Well in October of 2014 I lost my grandfather who helped raise me so he was basically like my father. I took it kind of hard and wept for a day or so but THOUGHT I was over it because he doesn't have to suffer anymore. Well on December 17th I woke up with a slight hangover so I decided to take a BC powder for my headache.Ê I began feeling anxious which I attributed to the over consumption of alcohol so I took some bach rescue remedy and some Lithium Oratate which I heard is good for anxiety.Well 15 minutes later I became very warm (hot flash) followed by a fast heart palpitation which landed me in the emergency room. I told the doctor the only medicine i'd been taking is Prevacid and amoxicillin from the dentist. I have continued to get palpitations, and hot flashes with new occuring symptoms ever since. I've been tested for everything under the sun from a MRI, MRA, Gall Bladder scans, Stool Test, Chest X-rays, heart echo, eye test, bone scans, blood word, etc. The only thing they have found is that my thyroid is in NORMAL range but on the hyperthyroid end 0.56 (0.34 being abnormal), my testosterone is in the NORMAL range but is on the low side 347 when it should be in the 600's. I was also low in Vitamin D 23 (with 30 being low) which I have been supplimenting for.My symptoms have expanded over the last few months and now i'm experiencing the following, at different times:Hot Flashes / excessive sweatingHeart palpitationsExtreme AnxietyEye FloatersWeird vision/ unreality/ wierd head/brain numbness or pressureCold or tingling hand and feetMuscle twitches in random areasHigh frequency ringing in ears (only occured a few times)Neck and upper back stiffness/ popping (No Pain)Googling my symptoms has made everything WORST and pushed me to what now feels like a nervous breakdown.Although I have tested negative for lyme disease, (Elisa/ and western blot), a guy from another website still insist that I have lyme disease.I would love to hear from some of the more experienced anxiety sufferers to see if this is indeed health anxiety or something else.Thanks, Sean