Increased Dose - Increase Anxiety/Side EffectsHi,I was prescribed Nortriptyline at the beginning of the month and last week I went up from 20mg to 50mg and in addition I was prescribed Codeine for my night time pain. I have noticed at improvement in my sleep. However I have experienced an increase in anxiety and experienced some side effects.I suspect that the codeine may have worsened by anxiety. Has anyone's anxiety been made worse when taking a strong pain killer?In addition does increasing an antidepressant temporary worsen your anxiety whilst your body adjust to the dose? If so how long does this normally take?Regards,AdamOne ear deep pain- BT?!?I woke up this morning with a deep pain in only one ear. I do not have facial pain or any sinus symptoms although allergies have been severe around my area. For the past couple weeks I've also been getting on and off headaches which scared the beejeezers out of me, because I don't normally get them. I did see my GP who said all is good. I did not mention the ear pain bc I did not have it at that point. Now I'm convinced there is a tumor or something causing pain on that side.  Please reassure me that this is nothing like a BT! If it were big enough to be causing war pain and headaches wouldn't I have other neurological symptoms? not having a great nightSometimes I just want to scream!!!!! This anxiety takes hold and I recognize it's there I accept it, I deal with it, I work trough it. It makes me a stronger person regardless if at some times I don't feel very strong. But to try to explain to someone that you are scared to take a advil because the bottle says it possibly could cause a heart attack, scared to take certain antibiotics because they make your stomach hurt, scared to not go to the doctor with fear something major could be wrong, scared to go to a store alone for the fear of having a melt down, scared not to drink at least 100 ounces of water because I MIGHT get dehydrated.  Kinda what's going through my mind right now