Moral Dilemma/DrivingHey guys Hope everyone is doing well today. I wanted to get some peoples' gauge on a situation I'm in. I cannot, and at this point, refuse, to drive. I suffer horrid panic attacks sitting in the driver's seat, and my anxiety spikes every time I have to even sit passenger. I have tried to do things in small steps; the most I accomplished was backing up into the driveway (the second time I didn't even cry during my panic attack  ) I take my dose of clonazepam to stay calm in the car (~1mg-1.5mg), and can function perfectly well, but the dose I'd have to take to even be calm enough to operate a vehicle would make it unsafe for me to even sit as driver (anywhere from 2mg-3.5mg). I dissociate and my heartbeat spikes, my limbs go numb...it's nasty.Another reason is that I don't trust myself. I have obsessive intrusive thoughts of colliding with oncoming traffic and killing myself. This has been the same reason I never learned to shoot a gun.I realize this would fall under a specific phobia, but since I have GAD, I feel it feeds into it. Here's the dilemma: I graduated last Fall at 19 years old, got my A.A. before my high school diploma, but I skipped all those milestones we're supposed to go through. I've never had a job, and last February, I very reluctantly got my permit. I might end up snapping it in two (I want to just so people can't say, "c'mon, let's practice!!!!"). I start back to school for another degree later today, and live with my grandmother (the reason I got my permit was in case she needed to go the hospital). The bus system here is superb; however, she's very uneasy about me taking it and insist that she take me to school. Which is sweet, but brings up two major issues. I feel awful that she's taking me (and not the other way around), and her driving makes me nervous.I feel awful I can't drive, but this is mainly because of the stigma behind it. I get called lazy and dependent, I'm teased for having a fear, I get invalidated because the fear is so uncommon. I'm told I'm too smart not to be able to learn. And my favorite: "I was scared too when I started." Really? Does the topic, just discussing it, make your heart speed up? Do you start spacing out with jelly limbs even sitting there? It leads to me really hating myself and thinking, "You're 20 years old with a four year degree, you're the epitome of pathetic."How can I get people off my back? I plan on moving to a city where public transport is abundant. I understand the need to at least know, and honestly, if I had to right this instant, I could. Like if someone needed to go the hospital. I needed this to vent and to get some other opinions...I refuse to learn at this point. I'm completely willing to use the bus system; I have no social life so it doesn't matter if I stay out late...I'm home by 8:00 :/Please, please, please be super gentle in how you write your responses...I'm very hypersensitive about going back to school and about this dilemma. I've been weepy all day