ÊAdvice on someone who is suffering with anxiety/depressionHi,ÊHopefully there is some people on here that can help me...I have been with my partner for over a year and a half now (however I've been friends with her for 10 years plus) and over the last 9 months she has been suffering with anxiety. It generally stems from the fear of being ill or from not being able to escape a place that she is in.She has tried seeing a psychiatrist but after two sessions she gave up saying that she did not like the psychiatrist that she was seeing and she has seen her GP and is going back to see them for more advice. I must say of late she does seem to be showing signs of improvement. She never used to be able to go out into town shopping or go down the pub for a drink (something she used to be very confident and enjoyed doing) recently she has started to do this, but going out and eating food in a restaurant is still a no-go.She constantly puts herself down, saying she is not good enough, that she is stupid etc I try telling her this is not the case at all. At work she is the opposite and is confident and good at what she does, even though she works in a stressful environment.She is constantly getting down about her anxiety and I'm pretty sure now depression has settled in. She hates getting up in the morning, spends free time at home or in bed, has lost weight and generally struggles to find things she takes pleasure in.ÊI'm posting here because I wanted some advice from people that have been through similar things, sometimes I find I say the wrong things. I constantly tell her I'm there for her and that I love her. She has said things like "sometimes I think it would be easier to leave the relationship because then I wouldn't have to deal with my issues" I try to tell her running away won't help it will make it worse. It does scare me though that she favours running away than confronting what she is going through it tells me she must be at a real low point. On the other hand she is always telling me she loves me and not to leave, I don't want to either but it's hard when you hear her say things like the above, I want to tell her to snap out of it BUT I know this is not the right approach at all.What advice can people give to help me help her with her anxiety/depression are there any techniques or no-go classic phrases that she would hate to hear?. I just want to be the best I can be for her and help her as much as I can. I know her better than anyone but the anxiety is changing her as a person, only a couple of friends know what she is dealing with but they have no idea of the severity and as a result her friend base is decreasing because she does not like to go out. I feel on my own as she is unwilling to really confide in anyone but me, like I said I just want to be better for her so any advice is greatly appreciated.