Bad trip unlocked anxiety disorderHi all, I'm a young woman in her early 20s.I like to think of drugs as a way to expand my consciousness. I consider myself intelligent and I am very curious about our world, especially regarding how we perceive our realities and what reality actually is. We only live once, you know? I have never used drugs as an escape, just out of curiosity, and I don't drink or smoke cigarettes, at all. I'm not depressed, I don't cry, or have anger issues. My mind is always questioning, processing, and trying to see every single angle of things. I'm just this way- I'm a calm analyzer who likes to figure out how, and most importantly- why?However, this curiosity got the best of me last year when I had the chance to try LSD for the first time with my boyfriend. I have dabbled in MDMA and cocaine, and smoked marijuana regularly, so I was absolutely no stranger to drugs and the effects. I am not sure that it was actually LSD though- because of how horrifyingly long it lasted. The trip also felt "dirty"- a lot of how the trip felt did not sound or feel "right". I can go deeper into this if you wish, but I'm pretty positive that it was not actual LSD. We took way too much due to the time it took to set in, and boy do I regret it.ÊThe trip was so intense that I suffered ego death. I'm sure that this is why I have such severe anxiety now- I thought I was going to die during the trip, which is ridiculous, because I've done COCAINE which is much more dangerous than LSD and suffered NO anxiety and kept a rational mind. Tripping will do that to you. At the most intense point of climbing up, I kept screaming in my mind all of these things... Imagine a spinning galaxy, this is what I saw through my mind's eye. I literally could not keep my eyes open due to how intense it was. My body was in tremors for hours due to a very intense anxiety attack that would not end but my mind was so far gone that it turned into pure fear. Being the trooper I am, I just soldiered through it. Spinning and spinning and darkness, just my voice screaming and echoing, inside my own head. It was so vast and amazing and full but full of terror. At the point I last remember (before the trip started to decrease in intensity) I made peace with my deceased mother and was screaming in my head that I love everybody and forgive them for everything. I'm glad that this happened, because I don't hurt over her anymore. I began to let myself go at that point, accepting my death, but not fully before the trip started to decrease. I think that if it kept going a bit longer at that intensity, I would have fully allowed myself to let go and the fear would have been conquered. It didn't work that way though. Even typing this is making my hands and face tingle with anxiety... even though I logically and rationally know it's over, and I should get over this already.Now, I have anxiety and derealization. I don't have depersonalization- my personality and bodily sensatations have remained pretty much intact. Functioning has become a task, though. I have anxiety about DYING!!! If my heart palpitates, which is out of anxiety, my mind immediately snaps to the thought that I'm DYING, time to PANIC! I logically accept that we will all die someday, there is no god (sorry- belief in god won't help me... I'm way too hippie to ever believe anything like that) and we're all a part of the natural way of things. However, the fear still grips me. This is my main issue. I'm becoming a bit depressed because of how my reality feels now and the thought that it will always be this way. Normal life seems so much harder because it feels like my external world has been turned inside out, and now I'm living from inside my head to the outside... if that makes sense. It's very frustrating. I also have very paranoid ideations- that my boyfriend is cheating on me- i.e., he's at work, or when he doesn't text me back right away, my mind immediately jumps to thinking horrible things and it begins the cycle of obsessive paranoid thoughts. I can psyche myself out of these, but that sinking feeling usually remains until I completely distract myself. I've never been like this before, and I KNOW he is not doing anything to hurt me- he does not have the capacity to. It's all in my head and it all began after the trip.On the other hand, I have a lot of childhood trauma that I THOUGHT I had dealt with- with the years of therapy and all. I don't remember much of my childhood. I'm sure it's all buried in there and I have no interest to dig it up... really. I feel scared and see no point to it, what is the past is the past. I saw this today: "As far as the cause of your distress; At worst it may have unlocked some buried emotional/psychological crap that has to percolate out"and it really comforted me- and for 5 seconds, the first time in nearly a year, I felt a break into reality. However, it's gone now.ÊI can't afford therapy quite yet- but have any of you had a similar experience? Any advice, or coping skills? Thanks for reading and I'm excited to read your replies.