First time poster - Heart Palpatations main symptom.Hoping to get some insight, I'm the only one in my circle that has been dealing with this type of anxiety. Most times I hear of other people dealing with anxiety and they have trouble catching their breath, feel like crying but for me it all centers around my heart when it gets back.I was diagnosed as PMDD two months ago and am trying Beyaz to get my progesterone levels out of whack. When I'm taking the progesterone tablets for the most part I feel great, nothing I can't handle but I do take Xanex periodically through the month on an as needed basis (0.25/0.5mg once a day, usually at night). However, when I'm on the 'placebo' pills at the end of the month anytime I have anxious thoughts my heart palpitations go crazy! I was finishing up taking a final exam online and at the end of the exam (I was having little heart flutters here and there) my heart palpitations was so intense to the point where I was about to drive myself down the street where the fire department was. Idiotically I left my Xanex on the countertop of my house....dumb move. I did some breathing exercises and talked to my husband the entire drive home (about 15 min drive) and pulled myself out of a full blown attack. Full blown attack for me usually means heart rate above 140, high blood pressure and dizzy to the point of passing out.ÊI am now at home relaxing, doing breathing exercises, drinking some chamomile tea and breathing in some lavender oil (trying to take as little meds as possible to control anxiety). My big question is does anyone else have symptoms like these with their heart? I have been hooked up to an EKG while I was having these before and there were abnormalities but it was all attributed to my anxiety, so I KNOW they are there. Sometimes the heart palpitations come out of left field....ALWAYS at the end my cycle. Heart palpitations scare the begeezus out of me.My midwife (who I feel confident with) says the next step is trying Prozac 10 days before my cycle would start...will Prozac work as an anti-anxiety med? I'm so clueless with SSRIs and anxiety. Thank you for listening and any feedback!Sidenote - I've been worked up by two different cardiologists a year ago and initially I had low potassium causing real palpitations but everything else is totally normal.