hyper aware of existenceIts been a long long road for me... 9 months ago this all started with a brain tumor fear.. which all lead to this. I had a panic attack back in September that caused a extreme dizziness and derealization... i look back on that time as the time i sort of lost my life in a sense. i feel as if i lost my life that night. its been so long but i can remember so clearly. Ive always had OCD and my ocd took control that night. for months i worried about a brain tumor.. had all the "symptoms" dizziness etc. Panic attacks daily had to move into my moms. Got over that fear but was left beaten down and stressed from all the panic attacks. I then worried about fatal insomnia didn't sleep my girlfriend had enough and left me it was such a dark time in my life. I was losing everything. Got over that fear and tried getting myself back in check... got a psychiatrist and was diagnosed extreme OCD and PTSD. I developed Depersonalization and Derealization soon after. it wasnt as bad at first but for the last 3 months its gotten worse and worse. I was fishing one day and suddenly asked myself what the point in all of it was and my ocd took control and i started obsessing about the meaning of life and become very depressed. everything became meaningless. i become very bored with life, everything become repetitive and mundane. I became extremely depressed. about two weeks ago i was in the shower and my existential thoughts were through the roof and all of a sudden everything became surreal? Its like i all of a sudden became extremely aware of my own existence and consciousness. Its like i realized i was alive and i was living and breathing on earth.. its hard to explain truly. its like an overwhelming feeling... that I'm alive and i exist and I'm not in control and I'm extremely freaked out by it.. the best way to explain is that its like I'm just TOO aware of my existence and its a really uncomfortable feeling. trying to find people who have experienced this and if they recovered.. i know its an obsession. thank you.