MS fearHi, I'm 17 y/o, female. My anxiety started about 4 weeks after I fainted at school. So 4 weeks have gone, I was in class and it was really hot then I suddenly felt lightheaded. I felt very anxious because I thought I was gonna faint again so I went to the sick bay. When I went there, I was totally fine again. I believe I had a panick attack. I continued feeling lightheaded especially at school but when I'm home, I felt fine. After 2 days of feeling lightheaded, I went to the doctors and she told me it might be dehydration or hay fever (a lot of people were having it at that time). The blood test came out and it was normal. I went to the doctors again after about 2 days because I was still feeling lightheaded and my hand and feet were always cold. I was also hyperventilating. The doctor checked my ears and found a little bit of fluid so she gave me antihistamines. I took antihistamines for a month but dizziness didn't stop. My dizziness wasn't like vertigo, it was more like everything around me was hazy, but not blurry. I was really worried about my health and kept thinking that I will faint!ÊMy muscles started twitching, from head to toe. Obviously, I googled the causes of muscle twitching and found brain tumor. After reading symptoms of brain tumor, I started having them. I felt pressure on my head like my head was buzzing and like a point of head would hurt for about a minute then go away. Also, everything started to feel bright and google told me that one of the symptoms of brain tumor is sensitivity to light. I was convinced I had brain tumor. But then I realized that my symptoms were too mild to be a brain tumor so my anxiety lessened. My anxiety was always there but I thought it was solely anxiety.ÊMy anxiety started to heighten again after I went jogging (it was my first time to jog again after ages although I do aerobic dance from time to time). The next day, my lower right leg really felt stiff and also the lower right side of my lower left leg. I was really scared about this because it was usually my upper legs that hurt. I was really anxious that my face started to feel numb. Then, obviously, I googled the causes of face numbness. There it was. MS. My symptoms all matched. After that I noticed that my right feet is constantly buzzing and now it's also my left hand! It's not going numb or tingling but they keep on buzzing! Both my lower legs always feel stiff, especially my right leg.ÊThis is what is scaring me the most. After concluding I have MS, everytime after taking a shower, whenever I stretch my right toe pointing upwards, the top part of my foot tingles. This only happens after I take a bath. After a while, it goes away. My vision has also been funny. I think I'm having double vision although I have to really concentrate whether I'm having it or not then I think maybe it's just the light. Also, I always see this one white pinprick dot randomly on my vision, anywhere. A person not focusing on his/her vision will not notice this but I always notice it. People with anxiety say that they see a lot of white dots but I only see one! Although I also experience it. Also, I have been randomly feeling pain somewhere (back, legs, arms) randomly but would go away after about 2 mins.ÊPlease, I need help. My main problem is that I don't want to worry my parents. I badly want to do an MRI scan but if I tell my parents, they will be very anxious. My mom is having an exam on July (about after 3 months) and if ever I do the MRI scan and comes out that I actually have something, she won't be able to focus on her studies. Our future depends on this exam. I have been telling her that I think I'm sick but I've never told her that I feel I have MS or another serious disease. She now thinks I'm depressed although I'm sure I'm not. I have been crying and I don't know what to do.