ÊAnxiety ruining my life- looing sense of reality- imagination going crazyHi I am new to this forum.. I developed some kind of anxiety during high school and it has gradually got worse- i am now 20. I have suffered social anxiety, general anxiety and health anxiety. I constantly feel a feeling of dread and like something bad is going to happen. I constantly google symtoms and try to seek reassurance through going to the doctors and a+e. I am ashamed and embarrissed and hate to burden my family with my problems. I do not let my friends know the extent of my anxiety and feel like I lead a double life- this is out of fear of being judged as well because in a weird way I feel like deep down I am not this anxious person or atleast don't want to be portrayed this way as its not the real me but something I have developed. At the same time i'm not in denial and have tried to seek professional help on many occasions only to be turned away unsympathetically by doctors. I am on a waiting list for counselling but it is a long waiting list. I don't feel like online CBT alone helps as I need reassurance and talking therapy as I am already driving myself mad by being in my head too much as it is and feel like I need the help of someone else to help me help myself.I feel like i'm loosing my mind- I will get a feeling that something is wrong with me and obsess over this and it will ALWAYS be in the back of my mind. I am scared that as I once took a hallucogenic drug that the memory of this "trip" and my mind will trick my mind into being in a constant state of how I was when i was on the drug- even though this was a year ago and I have felt fine since and didnt even have a bad "trip". This is just my latest obsession and its driving me crazy and I constantly google LSD flashbacks. Am i going to loose my mind or can I overcome this?I have also genuinly believed over the past year that I have throat cancer, HIV, MS and other health problems.I feel like a child who needs constant reassurance and this is made worse by my strong image that I put across to the world.ÊI really feel like i'm going to loose touch with reality completly and loose my mind and i'm scared