My Story & Looking for Community insight/help -GAD-Soc AnxieHello Everyone, It's been quite some time since I've been on here and I'm happy to see things are still running with a large list of supporting members :)My story begins almost 15 years ago, when Anxiety and related disorders where just starting to be understood.  Why start this thread...?  Well, I like to think I've been through a fair bit and that my story and what I've learned along the way might be insightful to others. And I may learn something in return.Anxiety started with me at a young age... As far as I and my vast list of Psychologists have determined, it all started at a young age, with a specific minor life scenario, where instead of fighting, I fled... In short, I catastrophized a scenario at elementary school which led me to becoming physically sick the following day, resulting with me not having to go through that scenario.  I believe it was this moment that taught me that if I fled, by becoming sick, I could escape most anxious situations.  During High-School I never socialized in large groups outside of school.  Parties, girlfriends, gossip.. typical high school drama…I rarely saw.  I’m not complaining! ;)  At 14, I had my own landscaping company that kept me busy… most likely by choice. By 16, I had my first real job in an industry I love!  It kept me busy as well… again, most likely by choice.  I always put work ahead of everything else.At this point I should mention, My family moved around Western Canada more than the average family. Elementary was in Vancouver, High-school-Winnipeg and University-Calgary.Once in University, my anxiety hit an all-time high.  With the pressures of school, working brutal shift work and a girlfriend that was discovering her asexuality… I was in a rough spot in life.  I would be physically sick so often, I would have been considered bulimic.  I was just skin and bones!  There was a pinnacle moment where my gf and I wanted to go shopping and I literally couldn’t do it.  I became sick in the parking lot.  While I tried to find long-term help by going to different, private counselors with no fix in site... it wasn’t until this moment that I was committed to change!  Fortunately… after many consultations with my doctor… I was eventually put into a public program at a local hospital where I would see a psychologist (I believe in training and guided by a registered psy.) on a weekly basis.  We would talk about everything and she would rationalize my thoughts.  I was diagnosed with Social Anxiety, which made sense… based on my thoughts and constant escape routes once in a social (primarily eating) setting.  We would also do “homework” assisted by medication (propranolol)…. This is basically CBT work.  Looking back on this… if it wasn’t for this program… I’m not sure how far I would have made it.  The program literally changed my life and I’m forever grateful!  The next few years were followed by many accomplishments.  My degree, Traveling, owning and selling a business, my later career, relationships….etc.  While Social Anxiety was certainly a smaller part of my life than before, I knew how to manage it. By many standards, I believe that I’ve accomplished more than most, and I honestly attribute a lot of my success to my anxiety challenges.Fast forward nearly a decade…. A different city, a different job, new relationships…etc..  Life Had it’s moments of stresses and anxiety, but I was able to overcome them for the most part… rarely with medication… Propranolol and Clonazepam (evening).  Just before the New Year I decided that Anxiety was still a large part of my life and it shouldn’t be ignored.  I was noticing new symptoms from the typical queasy stomach…. Such as an Eye lid twitch, concentration, tiredness and spells of dizziness.  Actually most days I would describe it as unbalanced (I was tested for vertigo and cleared).  I eventually found a great Family Doctor which resulted in a full physical.  I’m healthy other than a non-concerning, slightly fatty liver.  With my doctors help, I decided to find ways to put my anxiety back in check.  I had appointments to meet with a counselor to find a new path and sessions of Hypnosis.  I was stoked to feel good again…… but then… I got extremely sick over Christmas.  Dual Pneumonia, collapsed lungs and bad case of insomnia (awake 4 days straight) which I believe was triggered by some cough medication.  Because it was Christmas, my family doctor wasn’t available and getting medical help was extremely difficult.  I felt helpless! I was eventually put on a Hypnotic (sorry I forget the name) with little to no information.  Needless to say, when you’re home sick for weeks and all you have is time… WebMd becomes a nightmare!  Side Note: I believe a petition needs to be started to remove any medical websites and give power back to the doctors!!!  Anyways… the Pneumonia eventually cleared up, but I was stuck with sleeping problems.  It was a battle to get back into a natural sleep rhythm.  I’m not a fan of medication and I was stretching the use of this hypnotic before my body required it for sleep.  A psychologist eventually proved to be extremely helpful with guiding me back into natural sleep…. Hot baths, warm milk, reading children stories before bed, meditation and body scans.  My insomnia is not nearly as bad as it used to be, but as soon as I get the idea that I’m not going to get a good night’s sleep… it’s almost game over!  There we’re a couple weeks were I felt great, but something would come by to stir the anxiety up!  Anxiety has now become a daily problem, of which my doctor feels is General Anxiety Disorder (GAD).  Due to past medication conflicts and my low tolerance for medication, we deemed that Anti-Depressants were not an option, however Saint John Wart might be a good alternative.If you’ve made it this far into my novel… thank you for listening!  You may be wondering, what was the point of this and where is this going?  Well I wanted to share my story and most of all ensure to others dealing with the same problems that I’ve been through this and I ensure you THINGS WILL GET BETTER! There have been and will be days of despair, but I know that tomorrow will be different from today… and that’s worth fighting for!Onto the present day where I hope to hear from others in this community with words of wisdom.  I feel like I’ve been out of the “Anxiety Game” and I’m not sure whats best for me anymore.As of right now I suffer from light insomnia and moderate GAD.  Throughout the day I’m reducing (zeroing) caffeine, 15-20 minute meditation 1-2 times a day (even incorporated it at work), occasionally doing the bedtime rituals stated above and hypnosis every two weeks.  I’m currently not seeing any counselor/psychologists.  As for medication, I’m going between Propranolol, Clonazepam(bedtime) and Saint Johns Wart.  I was taking the Saint Johns Wart religiously for about 3 weeks and saw no changes… but looking back I believe there were changes and I’m just seeing the effects of not sticking to a plan.  At one point I was taking Saint Johns Wart here and there, but noticed I was getting headaches and poor sleep after even a single pill.  After reading more about it, I found out that Saint Johns Wart can be very effective and it’s best to commit to taking the herb or not at all.  So for the next two weeks, I plan to stick to just Propranolol and Clonazepam 3-4 Times a week at bedtime and let the saint johns wart get out of my system before starting consistently again. While this is a temporary solution and I hope over time I can reset my body, I still believe I need help.  That’s where I hope this community can help.  I currently live in Edmonton and I’m looking for someone/somewhere that specializes in anxiety and is very good at healing!  Or if anyone has any insight into what helps them? I’m going to start journaling so I can find out what’s triggering my episodes and figuring out what medication works best.  I’m also looking into Group Therapy, Floating (Sensory Depravation Chambers-Meditation), exercise…etc.  Any help would be greatly appreciated!  Thanks! 