Narcissism or Anxiety?I have suffered the most crippling anxiety all my life. From a young boy to an adult.ÊAs a child I used to bite and chew the skin on my hands and feet. I can also remember, from a young age, having obsessional thoughts about my dying and other things. I use to cry a lot but I didn't tell anyone about my thoughts.At the age of 16 I started to drink alcoholically. I completely isolated and drunk on own as I was too fearful to go out. People frightened the life out of me. Absolutely and completely, chronically abysmal at relationships. I use to be so frightened talking to a girl that it actually made feel sick.ÊOver the years of detox's, mental hospitals, alcohol programmes, depressions and accidents due to alcohol I finally manage to stop drinking about 10 years ago. My anxiety started, once again, to cripple me. Obsessive thoughts, scared to go out, panic, worry and isolation. This time though I can't use to the drink to escape.During the years I have stopped drinking I have had chronic obsessive and intrusive thoughts, social anxiety and generalised anxiety, all rolled into one. I did manage to go out with a couple of girls on dates. This is when my troubles really started. The thought of dating them made me feel so anxious that I was unable to function socially. Visibly shaking, feeling sick, no appetite, no sleep, jumpy, nervous, not being able to talk - the list goes on.It's so obvious that the girls i have dated ask me whats wrong, which was a huge embarrassement. Eventually I had two dates with them but after that I am no longer able to cope. I then go into a major depression. Each one lasting for a year. My last one was a year ago. These are definitely connected and it's took me 10 years find out.ÊI went to the doctor and they treated me for depression. After my third depression I got diagnosed with bipolar. After a while they sent me to a personality disorder service for 18 months. During this time I had the infamous two dates with a girl. The same thing. Crippling anxiety followed by a major depression. It was absolutely terrible. I lost loads of weight and I self medicated on valium and sleeping tablets that I bought off the internet. The personality disorder service were so concerned that they had to have an emergency meeting to decide what they should do with me.Half way through the treatment at the PD service they told me that I wasn't bipolar and that I had Anxious Avoidant personality disorder. This made sense as a lot of the traits, if not all of them, applied to me.Anyway at the end of my treatment I was told that i didn't have avoidant personality disorder, I have Narcissistic personality disorder. I was completely devastated. What does this mean. Surely, I should have a string of women, high powered job and living the high life somewhere. I just didn't understand. I even asked what is NPD. The answer was, 'whatever it means to you'. Thats it! I mean thats actually what I was told. Nothing else.NPD just means crippling, debilitating anxiety and depression to me. If it is anxiety though, why wasn't I diagnosed with an anxiety disorder? Or is NPD a chronic anxiety disorder that manifests itself as NPD?