Does any of you also had incredibly weird side effects?I've had tics ever since I was 10. The only tic I had was tilt my head to a side, but then it got worst: Applauses, saying "no" with my head, move my hip to the right, making sneeze, pidgeon and donkey sounds, blowing a raspberry, saying worlds (sometimes gibberish, sometimes real words), blinking, screaming, and there was one particularly embarrasing that was a combination of ther tics (tilt my head and my right shoulder so they would be "touching", move my hip to the right, a "pfttttttt!")I started taking medication (that it's used for anxiety, and OCD, too). Then one night I had a claustrophobia attack on the bus I take from university to home. Oh, and bonus points because it was 11 p.m, A.K.A the last bus, and I knew I could not get off at such a dangerous hour and I didn't have any money for a cab. I called home, screaming, crying that I felt "there was not air inside the f***ing bus!" They told me to calm down, hang in there, and not to get off. I started to rapidly move my cellphone from right hand to left hand... it was the only thing that calmed me, I received a great amount of stares, though. I had yet another one during a test and was allowed to go home.My medication was changed and I started to have horrible nightmares, and the claustrophobia was supplanted by agoraphobia. I went to the other university building and for that one I have to have 3 buses, I got off a little away from where I should, and the weirdest thing happened: I had a agoraphobia attack and started thinking I got off like 2 kilometers before, then I started quickly forget things to the point all I remembered was that I was Software Engineering mayor, that I was on my way for an important final, that "I had got off before", and all the knowledge I already had (including how to read and write, colors, history, math, the knowledge I had obtained on how to make programs, the topics from the final, etc.)I made my way like 200 meters and reached the place I was supposed to get off in the first place. I found a bus and asked the driver if his route included the place I was going to. He replied: "But you are already here. Are you lost or something?" Cue: People laughing at me... and, in that moment, all that memories came back to me and I realized I was not "2 kilometers before", but 200 meters after, and that I already was at the place I was looking for. I was so embarrased that I didn't reply him anything and left. Have some of you experience side effects that horrible when doctors give you anxiety medications for other disorders?I don't want to experience the kind of amnesia again, even if it was for only 5-10 minutes, it was terrifying not to know your name, address, phone number, your family.I keep thinking I'm getting way over my headI really this is the right place to post this (didn't know whether it belonged here or at the Social Anxiety one). My university requires me to do community service, which has to be career-related, in order to graduate; 150 hours.I didn't know what to do... I figured I could teach to old people at my hometown, but I don't really want to... there's always those impatient people who expect to turn into computer geniuses overnight and blame you when they don't.And, besides, the only way I could announce my project was to go to Church and say it there... Thing is I stopped going Church, after some people threw some holy water on me to "cure" off my "quirks" (tics), and refused to go back when they ask me to; I was too insulted to ever go back. So 1) I don't want to hear the mass during that hour, because of the holy water incident, 2) I fear some people would feel disgusted at me, for "leaving" them, and then going back just to tell them I'm going to give a computer course, for my diploma, 3) 3 hours a week... 150 hours, I would take me forever to finish (some people that watch over your progress are very picky about the hours). So, I went to a Facebook group for Developers and Programmers and asked the people there (some of whom are classmates, friends, etc.) if they had heard about some place I could go, and this guy said I seemed very eager to get my Bachelor degree on Software Engineering. He said he had this work team making a webpage for disabled people for free and were looking for people, him and another group member added me as a friend, and contacted me. We kept chatting, they send the info. I was jumping up and down. Helping old people would be easier, but it would longer... but just by being on helping on this project it could be a good resumé! Now, I just have to contact the university and convince them. I did, of course, a little background on this project to make sure they weren't trolling me cruelly. Turns out they are the 3rd place winners of our contry's last Startup Weekend, all of them (even of winners of the other places) are student from the collegue TEC (Tecnológico de Costa Rica), which is very, very, very hard to enter, specially for anything related to Math and Computers. The admission test is brutal, I had my ass kicked during that test, I couldn't enter against all my dreams and went to a private university instead. The newspaper that talked about each them and the winners... they were the guys and were inviting ME! I also called some places to get more confirmation.TEC is where every computer whiz wants to be, and these guys are one of top students on their career. Of course, I don't want dealing teaching the religious fanatics from my hometown, but I'm afraid to be seem as a complete idiot in front of them after they offered a place in their team, even if I know this is a one-time-in-a-lifetime opportunity! I possibly would never seen such a change to improve my now "zero-experience" resumé than this and would end up with the 150 hours faster than working 3 hours a week, taking me forever to complete them (and wouldn't have to deal with the overbearing holywater-throwing elderly bigots from before at their self-righteous JesusLand), but I'm too afraid to mess it up.It also scares the fact that the college says no, and I have to go to teach the bigots anyway...