throwing up every thirty minutesSo recently I came down with a post nasal drip and the mucus getting stuck in my throat was causing panic so I went to the hospital to see if they could do anything and they couldn't really, anyways, I came home last night and threw up before I came to the hospital then two hours went by , anyways today I have been throwing up every 30 mins and belive it is due to a stomach virus, there's no way this is due to anxiety is it if I'm not that panickyAnxiety rush right when I wake upAnyone else get this.. I always had this problem less severely but it's really bad anymore.. Like when I wake up from a nap I just get this jolt of worry or fear and it can be about absolutely anything random and last for a few minutes until I calm down some.. Usually common fears we all share but it will hit me like a tornado right when I wake up generic examples would be like fear of death, fear of family dying, fear of lost opportunity, fear of hell, fear of wasting time, fear of never getting my life back in order...  Worry over past events, social situations worry about the future... On and on has anyone else delt with thisScared of getting arrested!!!!!!!!My friend stole hair products from a store today, and gave the items to me.I kind of knew she was going to, but wasn't sure. I was right next to her while she did it, and I didn't even notice her putting the items in her bag. She didn't get caught. She then gave the items to me, after hearing that I wanted to switch my hair up a bit. I didn't know what to do. I'm very scared now. Scared that the cops will come find me and see that I have the products and arrest me and give me a record. Also scared that they'll see me on the CCTV if they look back at it, and think I made her do it or had any kind of involvement in it.I'm terrified. I literally am so anxious about this. I don't want to go to jail.I keep feeling dizzyYesterday while I was sitting outside reading, I started having this sharp pain on the upper right side of my head. Soon after I started feeling dizzy and still having that pain at the same time. I was walking and suddenly I felt even more dizzy and unstable, like I was going to fall. I felt better after I ate, although I would feel dizzy again after I laughed. Today I thought I was fine until now. I was combing my hair and then I suddenly felt really dizzy, like everything was swirling around. This only lasted for a second, but now I still feel a little dizzy and that pain in my head is coming back and I feel hot. I also have this feeling that if I close my eyes, I won't be able to open them again and I'll die. Why do I feel like this?