Labyrinthitis, Anxiety, and DepressionSo I've been deal with what's supposedly Labyrinthitis since around Valentines Day, I wasn't diagnosed with it until the 19th of this month. I'm also dealing with anxiety and what seems to be depression in some cases. I traveled to Michigan and back and the entire time I felt dizzy and anxious, I went to 2 emergency rooms out there and they told me it was nothing but anxiety and vertigo. They also told me I was dehydrated, and pumped me full of 2 bags of fluids. I got back here to Arizona and couldn't handle it, I went to yet another emergency room they did a cat scan, urine, and blood samples, and they told me yet again just anxiety. So a little later I went to an urgent care office, he did all the testings that the ER did, except of course the cat scan. The urgernt care doctor instantly diagnosed me with Lab, gave me z pak, presidone, and ativan. I took all of the z pak which made me feel horrible (unless it was just my anxiety acting up) I did not take any of the steroid presidone. I was really nervous to do so. Well, so far I've had good   and bad   after I finished the antibiotics. Some   I felt very less dizzy than I have been and others like last night I freaked out and my vision was blurry with a fuzzy and dizzy head, everything seemed fuzzy but my brain felt like it was moving uncontrollably. I didn't take the ativan mostly because I don't like taking pills and it was already late and I had to be up early. So I decided to go to the urgent care doctor again, I've felt pretty dizzy all day. I wasn't able to eat this morninng because I rushed out the door. (When I got back I ate and felt less dizzy than I did) so the doctor did the same tests, said it looked as if I was a little better, although I really don't feel better. I told him everything and told me to take the steroids, and gave me another script of z pak. This time I took the prednisone and it was terrible, it gave me horrible anxiety. So much worse than it has been, now it's been getting worse. I saw a nurologist and they did a EEG on me, that came back normal. They told me I am describing somewhat the beginning of migraines. They did another eye test and that showed envoluntary eye movements. So I am waiting for an MRI and to see an ENT. I've gotten to the point where it's hard to sleep. My .5 ativan works but I'm still anxious with it. I'm thinking maybe I need to double it. My brain feels like it's moving in my head, weird head sensations, distorted vision, very bad anxiety, depersonalization, derealization, it's hard to sleep at night, I'm starting to get to the point where I get depressed and don't want to put up with this anymore. I have bad thoughts but I don't want to die, when I'm in the ER for example everything is so over whelming that I want to rip my ears off, my left ear constantly rings either tolerable or so loud and obnoxious that it starts to make me go insane. I'm so scared that I am losing my mind. The thoughts start and I can't cope, they go so fast and makes my head spin and makes my anxiety so much worse. I feel like this will last forever. The stress and anxiety makes the dizziness worse and it's a vicious circle of hell. My heart rate goes crazy, I get super restless and can't sleep. I really need to figure all this out. My girlfriend is pregnant and due in December. Does anyone know how this feels? I really need advice and help. Please