Anxiety going through the roofMy boyfriend wants a night by himself. He suffers from PTSD, anxiety and panic disorder and he says this week is really stressful for him. He has an appointment with his pysch today, his parents are away and he has to keep an eye on their place, and he needs to shampoo all the carpets in the house and let them dry overnight so he can give them their carpet cleaner back when they return.ÊWe haven't spent a night apart in a couple of months now. We're only going to be spending one night apart but somehow it feels like the end of the world. I've been dreading it since he mentioned it, for two reasons, and I've been very resistant to the idea. Firstly, because my anxiety gets worse when I'm alone. I've been getting anxious about getting anxious, if that makes sense. And the second reason is that situations like this trigger my fear of being betrayed. I have been consumed with dark imaginings about him spending tonight with someone else. I have no evidence to back up my fear. I know it's irrational and I'm aware that I come across as clingy at best, and at worst, a psycho, when I tell him that I don't get why he wants me out of the house tonight.ÊAt the same time as being fearful, I also feel embarrassed and guilty for being suspicious of him. The guy is pretty much a shut-in after his PTSD and social anxiety came about. I'm one of only 2 non-family members who has ever been inside his house, and the other person was a family friend who only came around once. He doesn't even like his family coming around. He rarely goes out, mostly only to get groceries and meet his appointments, and he never goes out at night. Ever. So if he's lying to me about this, he's pretty much lying to me about everything. So it seems unlikely that he's up to something.Yet I am gripped with sheer panic at the prospect of not staying at his house tonight. It brings back all the awful memories of how I was betrayed in the past, by other people.I know this all sounds completely ridiculous. He understands to some extent and has been very patient with me, as his own anxiety is triggered by things that most people would consider unstressful and commonplace - meeting up with our friends, going to the doctor, family going on vacation, going grocery shopping.The more episodes I have like this, the more I worry that it will eventually become too stressful for him to be in this relationship, and he will end it.But even more than that, I worry that I will never learn to manage my anxiety well enough that I will ever be able to be in a romantic relationship without experiencing massive anxiety on a regular basis. Some days I just want to break it off and run away because it's too hard and I'm too scared. But then I think no, this is a good relationship, and I need to work through my anxiety issues, not run away from them.I have my second EMDR appointment next week, it can't come soon enough. We haven't started the treatment yet, but I am impatient to begin. I need to sort this or it will continue to damage my relationships and ruin my life.