This helped me  16    Exasperated at my inability to cope with my anxieties I developed a simple technique that has allowed me to gain a sense of normality in my life. I am a different person from who I was a couple of years  .This technique uses a simple form of visualisation where I take myself out of the equation and work only with the anxiety. This is different to most available therapies in that it isn’t about changing my outlook. I don’t have years of research and a cabinet full of case studies to support my self-developed technique but I do have a level of inner peace that a couple of years   I would have never thought possible. As this has had a massive impact on my life I am wondering whether it can do the same for others. I am curious as to whether this is something worth developing.I am not selling anything instead asking whether anyone could give this a try before letting me know the outcome. I hope it can help. Obviously I can’t guarantee this but there is the chance that it will.The technique is based on the premise that anxiety is an energy echo of a previous event, which will disperse when we allow it. The problem is that we deny the anxiety the opportunity to leave us alone because we think we have to be in control and have the answers.We don't! Only the anxiety knows what it needs to disperse so my technique is based around allowing this to happen.This is what I did:I looked at the anxiety as separate from me and when faced with an unpleasant level of anxiety I said to it: “I don’t know what you are saying or need so I am going to allow you to do and say whatever you want”.I then visualised stepping away from the anxiety. In my mind I separated from my physical body leaving the anxiety behind to express in whatever way it wanted. I did nothing to interfere. I gave it the freedom to do whatever it wanted. I didn’t speak with it, debate with it or try to control it. Instead I simply stood back and observed.At first the idea of letting the anxiety run riot was scary but instead of causing more problems the anxiety had its say then went. After an initial rush, it took seconds for the energy to disperse. After repeating this technique with every subsequent anxiety attack it didn’t take long before my life became calm enough to engage again.I am not sure whether everyone can visualise stepping away in the same way as I can, so I am not sure how this will work for others. This is why I am looking for feedback. I have discovered an alternative way of stepping back but I want to see how well the visualisation method works first. I am also here to offer advice.The key is stepping back and allowing the anxiety to express in whatever way it wants. DO NOT INTERFERE!I hope this works for others in the way it has worked for me and please let me know if you require more information.I look forward to hearing the feedback.Take CareTenyson