Finding a JobHey,I've pretty much run out of General Ed. classes to take, and they don't offer any classes that I need for my major over summer, so I need to find a job.    I'm really shy, and worry about how I will get along with coworkers and/or customers.    I'm really nervous around people, and I feel really awkward talking to... basically everyone, even my brother to some extent.  I've been trying to apply for jobs that seem like I won't have to work with customers too much... but that's hard to do.  I'm also nervous about interviews... If I ever get any.  I'm also even more stressed about getting a job that has to do with food because I'm vegetarian.  I'm not really sure how I feel about cooking or something if I have to cook meat.  I don't really even know how.  I don't mind bringing people whatever kind of food they want, like a waitress or something.  Being a waitress requires dealing with people a lot though.    I try and tell myself that I worry more about dealing with people than I'm actually awkward or bad with them.  I'm not sure though.  I also try and tell myself that I don't dislike people just for being awkward or shy so I shouldn't assume everyone is thinking I'm stupid or weird if I'm awkward or shy.  I think being shy and nervous makes me even more awkward than I already am, or maybe it's the whole cause of my awkwardness.  I don't know what to think about it all.  Plus, employers don't want shy people; they want outgoing friendly people.  I worry about what my family will do if I can't get a job, or worse, if they talk to people somehow at my work, or if they or people they know come to where ever I work (like if I work at a restaurant or something) and see that I'm acting super awkward or something at work.  They don't really know how shy and nervous I am with people; they just gossip about how I don't have friends and things.  They all LOVEto talk and gossip and examine me and try and psychoanalyze me.  Then they try and talk to me and be buddy buddy friends and get things out of me, interrogate me if you will.  My relationship with my parents, if you could call it that, is messed up and hardly existent at all (I really don't want to fix it to be honest; I just want them to leave me alone).  I want to move out... which I'm kind of afraid of    but I can't even begin to really plan for that without ajob.        I'm not really sure how to deal with all this.  If anyone has any suggestions or anything that might help with dealing with being really scared of talking to people and stuff I'd greatly appreciate it.  Thanks for reading and everything, and best of luck with your own issues and things,Pink Cat