Wake Up CallWhat if I told you that you weren't sick. And that you can 100% recover with nothing but the right information, willingness to fully implement it in your life, and PATIENCE. You don't HAVE to live your life full of anxiety. You just don't! It doesn't matter if you've suffered for 20 years or 20 days, everyone can recover exactly the same because we're all built the same way. You consider anxiety to be some separate entity. Some "thing" that is trying to destroy your life and cause you unhappiness. Here's the hard truth: YOU are the one who is keeping the anxiety going. This means that YOU have it completely in your power to rid yourself of anxiety.Here's the deal-- you're probably more prone to worry than other people. I know I am. Then, some life events may have caused you stress (even if you don't realize it.) That stress then continues to build and build until the  adrenalin "overflows" and presents itself as a panic attack. This is what begins your journey down the path of worry. You don't understand what these new sensations are so naturally you begin to worry about them.  The more you worry, the more sensations you'll feel. You might notice you've gone to the doctor/ ER much more frequently lately in an effort to try to "figure out" all of your symptoms. This is your first mistake. Just to put some things into perspective: for 23 years I'd been to the doctor once per year, IF that, for a check up. Since my first major panic attack in August, I've been to the doctor 6 times, the ER 4 times, and Urgent Care 3 times. Do you know what I was told EVERY time I was seen by a physician?! "You're fine, it's just anxiety." Now I'm sure you can guess my reaction: "These doctors don't know anything! They aren't even pretending to care!" I've been told by my family, friends, co-workers, "You're fine, it's anxiety." Did I listen? Of course not. Why? Because my mind was playing evil tricks on me. Since I (and I alone) had trained it to be fearful because of my constant worrying, I was consumed by the fear. Every symptom, every sensation that my overly-sensitive mind and body felt became imminent danger. For months and months and months I've spent every day consumed with worry. Worry about symptoms, obsessive thoughts, depressive thoughts, etc. etc. Then I found a book that contained this quote. "You won't overcome anxiety until you stop trying to." WHAT? What do you mean "stop trying to?" If I don't figure this out then..... wait. Could that be it? Could it be THAT SIMPLE?! But what about the obsessive thoughts what do they mean what if..... oh. They really don't mean anything do they? And the depressive thoughts they don't either? What about this symptom? No, that's also unimportant? Have I really wasted that much time worrying for nothing? ...this is it friends. I 100% promise you that THE ONLY WAY to completely recover FOR GOOD is to stop fighting it. Stop right now. Again, "it" isn't even an "it." It took me sitting in a doctors office a month ago, surrounded by people three times my age waiting to have a procedure done that I DID NOT need to finally wake up. How ridiculous! To be told and told over and over again that IM NOT SICK but still wouldn't accept this. Now here's what you're probably thinking: "she doesn't get it... how could anyone understand?" Trust me, as complicated as you think your particular case of anxiety is, it's not any more complicated than mine was. All I did was stop letting it consume me. I've stopped paying attention to my thoughts. How? I've realized that they're JUST thoughts. We're the ones who have been choosing to give them importance. Did you know that, on average, we have about 70,000 thoughts per day? Both negative and positive. Let me guess, you are only paying attention to the negative? Sounds familiar.I have been down the same road as you. Hypochondria, social anxiety, general anxiety, obsessive thoughts, symptoms, depression, derealization... ALL OF THAT. And now my recovery is coming so quickly I almost can't believe it. And you know what? I don't really care how soon complete recovery comes because im absolutely positive it's coming. I've stopped CARING about how I feel. I don't fight this "thing" anymore.Now you might doubt that this is true and that this won't work for you. I'll tell you, the only way it won't is if you don't implement these changes in your life. There's no way it CAN'T work if you do truly stop fighting it. It all makes so much sense to me now. So, you have a choice. Continue to doubt the doctors and continue to spend your day in constant fear and worry... OR, give up the fight. I mean REALLY give it up. Live your life alongside those thoughts and symptoms for awhile and I promise you they'll seem less and less scary until they disappear. Only YOU can help you.