Could I have been lied to by the hiring manager??2013-11-23, 05:52 PMJust trying to find some opinions regarding the situation. I applied for a job earlier this year (June), and recently began the process of interviewing/background check/drug test etc. After the initial interview, I hadn't expected to hear back as I felt the interview was so-so at best. Lots of apprehension and as I got a call pretty much out of the blue months after applying for the position, I wasn't exactly in the "it's time to get a new job" zone. Anyway, after I got a call the next week, I went in again to meet with someone else from the company and was prepared then to provide what I determined would be beneficial details regarding my work history/background etc. I went through the divorce process earlier this year and ALOT has changed since. I had prepared to share information I felt was relevant but didn't get the chance to share with anyone who was in any position to receive the information I was prepared to share. Pretty much there for signing of consent to background check and to pee in a cup. I was pretty bummed but extremely motivated and as it was a Friday decided to call the "supervisor" I met with during the initial interview. I called and advised them of my intent and shared the information I had anticipated and after I finished speaking they went on to tell me some details about the process and what to expect and after a few more questions and backandforths, they pretty much told me that I would be hired on for the position. I have since been fairly elated and excited but somewhere in back of my mind, I get this what if idea that maybe they told me this for some other reason...the more I think about it the more it makes sense but at the same time maybe I did really get the job. The person I talked to wasn't hr and wouldn't be the one to type up the offer or be the poc for any further communications. This is a huge huge company and there are lots of people who have various parts during the hiring process and I just wonder if anyone else has had the experience from an hr/hiring perspective of someone telling a qualified candidate they got the job when they really didn't. Perhaps I have just been thinking too much into it and should just wait until I get another call to find anything out for sure. With the hoiday next week I can expect the process to take a little longer than it normally would but i was told that being the case it would be at least two more weeks before i got an offer. This is a really big move for me and without anything on paper with an offer, i guess just call me a skeptic. Any input will be appreciated.