Jobs Begging for Workers2014-07-03, 09:36 AMIm deciding to make this thread as a guide for anybody my age that doesnt know what they want to major in, but want to have an idea as of what jobs are in demand for workers. Its completely fine majoring in something not listed, there's something for everybody, but say if your unemployed and might have the qualifications, try looking into these career fields.Medical FieldAs technology advances, people want to live longer, and now that we are focusing on cures for things such as cancer or even as simple as common colds, this would be a good field with high pay to look into. Nurses, therapists, biomedical engineers, pharmacists, physician assistants, and quality doctors are in demand.RoboticsThis goes along with medical, but also in aviation and replacing manufacturing. This would be a good field to get into if you like technical work and repairing and reprogramming robots. Those nerd that used to be picked on in college for battling robots, are now the ones working for GM, NASA, surgical companies, and other government jobs making it big time in money.ÊRetailBecause manufacturing jobs is being replaced thanks to robotics and outsourcing, this leaves many with just selling goods to different people. Besides selling things to consumers, companies sell things to other companies that pay pretty well. I know for a fact thats how drug companies work with hospitals, they have a representative. In some cases, all you have to do is have lunch with a potential buyer and convince them to buy your product. I know there are people who buy for companies too, like people who buy clothes from designers to sell at JC Penny for example, but I doubt buying jobs are growing.CommunicationsThere seems to be a lot of shy people out there. Most of us get the butterflies when having to give a public speech. But if you can turn that into a skill, jobs are looking for that. Someone with confidence that speaks with authority. In almost any job application now, communication skills is always on the list it seems. Imagine how it would feel to be a spokesperson for a game at E3 and having all the nerds go crazy and cheer at you. lol I bet it would feel pretty awesome.Information TechnologyComputers are a big piece of people's lives today. Its the fastest, most efficient way to communicate. But there is a lot of work that goes behind it. Hardware, software, programming, anti hackers, server maintenance, website creators, web designers, drafters, all important jobs in demand that pay pretty well. Again, being a nerd has its advantages.MediaThe art of the new age isnt painting pictures or composing symphonies anymore (unless you make some awesome pictures, start a wallpaper website, run some adds, and make a living) those skills are so sought after anymore. However, movies, filming, makeup, editing, writing music (for record companies), distributing, acting, etc. All are things that will continue to grow with people continuing to want entertainment. It may not be the biggest growing, but if you can find a niche then you can go far with it.Trade skillsThat whole "we have enough plumbers and electricians" is a bunch of crap universities tell ya because they want your money. Truth is, while there may be a lot of trade jobs out there already, there is always a demand for a better tradesman. There is a thing called word of mouth, and if you can rewire a cable line quicker, and with an awesome attitude, guess what, next time the neighbor might use you because they heard good things about you. Then their neighbor and so on and so forth. Its just building that first reputation that is hard. Part of it is finding a niche market in a location in need of that, or one with complaints with what is already there.ÊUnderstand that these are all fairly subjective. I find that the Department of Labor website is vague, but if you want number amounts then check out there A-Z job list. Its long, but repetitive. There are jobs that will always be in demand, such a prettier models, smarter engineers, faster construction, this is just a thread open for discussion to help broaden opportunities to people that dont know what they want to do.Feel free to add!A wise man learns from his mistakes, but a wiser man learns from mistakes of others.