My First Cocktail Party - What to expect?2012-08-16, 08:20 PMI work in a marketing company for over 2 years now, throughout my 2 year period working I’ve been promoted once in a very short period of time and continue to take on tasks without hesitation. Somehow I’ve manage without really trying to be on the good side of our corporate sales VP. I believe it had to do with something when we ran into each other in the parking lot and shot the shit.. Since then he’s invited me to a seminar he’s hosting with the company for outside clients and as well as to his house for a follow up cocktail party. This cocktail party will consist of our larger corporate accounts.I plan on dressing up nicely, possibly a grey suit however with no tie keeping it casual. I also am thinking of bringing a bottle of liquor as a gift, is that what people do? Now, as much as I like my position in this company, I’ve always been an entrepreneur. Prior to this job, I’ve worked in Biotech and prior to that I’ve worked in mortgage industry. I’m 25 years old I have a background in some of the fields I’ve worked for but aside from that I work on start-up’s a lot as a hobby. Granted I’ve always been adventurous and often times don’t find the jobs I do challenging in a sense that I would find myself comfortable in the position no matter the pay. Anyways long story short I will continue to work for this company as it gives me so much freedom to do what I want, I have three superiors I report to and all of them are very relaxed and the company overall is a GREAT place to work. They have won awards because of it.So on the side I own a consulting group which I have been in business for about 1 year now, we mostly work with mid-size companies and do a majority of PR stuff. I feel like this would be a good time to meet people through my contact however would it be unacceptable or rude to share my business card if the opportunity were to arise in the conversation or should I just continue to represent the company I work for and the position I work for?Thanks