Boss who's always on your case.2014-08-18, 08:34 PMHello I'm looking for some advice or better yet would like to hear from anyone willing to share experiences about how you handled overbearing bosses.I do not like to be rude at work because it might backfire and kill the teamwork. I don't want to make enemies in the workplace because I have learnt it is very important to be diplomatic in a very competitive workplace where people will find a way to sell you on a discount rack to keep their position and advance it if you hand them the opportunity too easily.My boss likes power trips I think. He likes to micro-manage. He is always on my case about mundane things whenever he catches me doing something he believes should not be. They are things that have nothing to do with the overall productivity. A few examples I can recall:He will leave whatever he is doing to walk into my conversation if I am talking to other managers about work related issues, questions. Each time I have 2 secs of casual conversations with the coworkers, he gives me a hard time after. Today, I had to make car reservations with a company that had been referred to me by one of the managers for business development who know people. He helped put a word for me to get a deal for the company when my boss was taking his summer vacation. My boss suddenly came out of nowhere and butt in. He said I had to ask him about GO or NO go with suppliers. The guy was new and excused himself to avoid an awkward situation. I tried to explain that I wasn't bypassing his authority, I was just trying to get the car rental contacts again from the guy. My boss wouldn't let it go, he told me to follow him in his office, and he had to say he is back from vacation, that he is my boss I should ask him everything. I just said I understand and walked out feeling misunderstood. I want to look for a new job, but I keep in mind that the grass might be greener on the other fence, but you still have to mow it.Would you have felt the same or would have done things differently ?