Need Career Advice2013-02-14, 09:12 AMI've spent a lot of time thinking about trying a change of career for a while now and would like feedback or any advice. Let me give you some background.ÊAfter graduating college with an Economics degree in 2009 (during height of recession), I went to work for my father's Company as a sales and marketing representative. This was mostly because the difficult job market and lack of decisiveness on what I wanted to do. The company is small, with only 5 full time employees. We sell industrial products to businesses.ÊI'm now 26 years old and have been working at this small company for my father for about 3 years. The things I dislike about working here is that my boss is my father, it is small and nobody my age works here with whom I can socialize. My father really isn't a great business leader by any means - he takes 2-3 hour lunch breaks everyday, is indecisive and disorganized, not really good at getting things done. I feel at my age of 26 I am already a more smarter and capable leader than him, I work harder and longer, I read business books, I make better decisions, I'm more disciplined, I get way more done in a given day- some of these things he's admitted to me. I feel like I would fit in better at a larger company with high performing people. Also, I'm not sure that I'm really passionate about the products we sell nor the industry in general. I also would like to hear your thought or opinions on someone who works for his father. Is this unmanly nepotism or loyalty to family and okay?On the other hand, here are the reasons to stay. I get paid well at $70,000 in this economy. I am given a great deal responsibility in how the company is run and am essentially second in command of a $2m Revenue company. I could have the opportunity to be the manager within the next 5 years when my father retires, although I'm not 100% sure that's what I want. I am trying to apply for MBA program for the Fall 2014 semester and if I switched careers it would hurt my application since I would lose my contacts for recommendation letters and also have to build new ones.ÊThanks for your reading (sry about the length).