Stuck in a jobsearching rut2012-09-01, 01:43 PMI'm at my wits end, I feel helpless like I can't move forward in life. Here's some background info first:I just turned 30. I used to have an apartment with my girlfriend and worked consistently as a waiter. Things went bad with us and I moved back in with my parents. I am one class short of graduating by I can't reenroll until at least January since I'm broke. My car is on its last legs, and finding work in the Dallas area has been much harder these days. Further complicating things is the fact that I stutter and on most interviews I look like a fool even though I am highly intelligent and hardworking. Couldn't even get a job at Starbucks for christs sake!It also just isn't about finding work, it's the mounting frustration of working at places that would have been considered "decent" for me ten years earlier when I was 20. For example, I took a crappy minimum wage job where I'm barely breaking even on gas expenses while my car falls into further disrepair. At work, the people I work with ask how old I am and when I tell them you would think I had AIDS with how they go out of their way to avoid me after that. I even tried not to respond directly to my age in the past by replying "I'm old enough", but that seems to make people more interested in discovering my actual age.All this goes beyond feeling ashamed about age, it's the complete and total frustration knowing that I've had good jobs before and now I seem to be trapped in the mud. I've been applying at restaurants and I have a hard time finding openings...and outside of restaurants I just don't have the skills for what is being sought it seems.ÊI feel like a total failure and a drain on my parents and society, I'm very depressed and feel like crying but I bottle it up inside. There are days when I don't even want to get out of bed, and I have taken up smoking cigarettes which is something I never used to do. All my younger siblings succeeded, and I'm nothing more than a laughingstock. I don't even try to date anymore because most of these girls only care about money, and I don't want to lie when they ask 'what do you do?' Because I can't say depressed and unemployed.My family keeps saying there is hope and everything will be better when I graduate, but I just don't see it. My major is General Studies by the way. When I was in college my advisor said it would be a good idea to generalize and have a wide skillset would help finding jobs...but now that I spent time in the real world I know that was a lie since the money is in specialization.ÊEven when i do walk into a job interview it feels like I'm walking into an execution, I miss the days of having control over my life. With the world in its current state I can't be the only one facing something like this. Is there anyone out there that experienced something like this that can offer some encouragement or even a solution? Because I'm losing hope.