HR Manager keeps acting a bit weird.. Advice?2014-02-02, 10:24 PMI just started working for a biotech company as the marketing manager, I essentially had to sit down with the HR Rep and go through some extensive interviews including the CEO until I as given an offer. It's been a little over a month now and I've settled in quite well in my position and I'm doing well with my department. The CEO is happy, everyone is happy.I currently have about 3 individuals working for me. We're a small firm but in our stages of growth and development. Well, the HR manager turns out to befriend me and as always I appreciate someone to speak with at work. We go walking occasionally throughout the day.ÊThe problem? A few to be honest and I've been reasonable but now need some advice.Ê1) He talks a lot, I mean I'm afraid to talk to him at this point. A simple question for him can turn into a 20 minute conversation, with 5 to 6 "examples" to best illustrate his story. Sometimes, he talks so much he forgets what my question was and I have to remind him again. I've tried walking away (Follows me), I've tried working and showing him I'm busy but he doesn't get it. I don't know what to do, I don't want to be rude. I don't want to stay late every evening to talk with him for a few hours. I understand he has nothing to do, but I don't know why this should reflect my department. He goes home after work, I have the gym and a few other things waiting for me. So I don't like to waste too much time everyday so I can get home myself within reasonable time.2) He is kind of a stalker, He doesn't drink, smoke or do anything close to a Sin, very religious and that's ok with me. That's fine, I can never really have a honest conversation, I feel that all we talk about is business professional things and I'm ok with that, I'm even ok with him talking about himself. It gets boring, but that's fine.ÊThe problem comes in when he tries to ask me to go to lunch with him everyday. I bring my lunch, and snack throughout the day he feels offended when I don't want to have lunch. So I've made "fridays" days where we get lunch.Ê3) We both work late, but he's made it a habit to leave when I do. Vice Versa, whenever I leave he almost forces me to wait for him to finish his things so we can "Lock Up" together and go home. Or he keeps asking when I'm done so he can leave with me. We both have keys, alarm codes and can leave and go as we please.. I don't know why he feels we need to do things together? On top of that, he drives home the same route as me and notices when I turn right or left to go to the gym and asks me why I don't go some nights.. (It's CREEPY) Last week, he was telling me we will stay 30 minutes longer, so he can get work done. I told him, no I have stuff to do and I'm leaving on time. I don't know why he thinks we're partners leaving the same time?4) His office is next to my department, and he tends to listen to all of our conversations throughout the day. He will then bring them up to me as for his suggestions and opinions. It's somewhat offensive.I feel like I'm really trying with him, but we're not on the same level.. Between his long and never ending conversations, as well as controlled behavior. I don't know what to do without offending him? He's a good guy, I just don't think he has that social understanding. He's very contradicting about himself without realizing it.I know he's currently living at home with his folks, paying the bills. His dad is sick and so he is watching over him. So I thought may be I'll play nice and take him out "bowling" after work this week. I'm thinking he doesn't have any friends. However, his behavior kind of frightens me.. I hope he doesn't taking bowling for more.ÊI don't know if I should keep distance from him, any advice?Cheers.