Mostly Out The Door at Work - Advice2013-09-10, 10:07 PMI work for a great company. Recently I was transferred from one group to another group within my department to fulfill an urgent need.In that move, I went from inexperienced to very experienced. I entered the company as a career change but they NEEDED someone of my previous skills and I was a team player. Initially I asked to be promoted to the level of the person I was replacing, probably one level below where I should be, however, because of the career change, i was about 3 levels below what I was asking for (That's a four level disparity, and probably $40k in cash).First time I asked (when i was officially told of the transfer) I was given a lame excuse that actually was a massive OSHA violation. Over two and a half months I was given ever lamer excuses to keep me at this level. Mind you, I am at a hourly level now supervising three people at the same level as me. Lets not forget, I turned the work group around from non-existent to highly functioning in less then 90 days. My promotion was promised, it was being processed in HR, when my bosses boss and his boss decided to pull it back, once again with poor excuses. Next, my hours were cut (I'm hourly still, I'm expecting it was because I was making more then a lot of Sr. Managers at this point), then my responsibilities were increased to include things not within my scope...not that anything is in my scope because my job title and description never changed.Again, I love my company, I love my job, I just have a giant douche for a director and a very cool but spineless Sr. Manager. Because of all this carrot dangling, screwing with my life and pay disparity I have essentially checked out. I even quit and had to be coaxed back in the building, twice. (yup, turned in laptop, credit card, phone, the works). Needless to say, I'm still valuable enough that they are not looking to replace me, go figure.So back to checking out. Honestly, I just want fair pay and a title that doesn't make asserting myself to higher ups hazardous because my new role requires that. Love my job, love where I live, love my life and I would have to re-locate and throw it all away for another job. I know counter-offers are a bad, bad thing, but has anyone used one to get this kinda thing done. Of course the new job will be something I'm willing to take because I can't count on the counter-offer. Most of the time, people leave for reasons other then money, in my case it is only money, there is no other issues to resolve. Advice please.