I have a feeling I'm going to be fired....Advice please!!2012-11-15, 08:53 PMI got hired by a retail chain since 4months ago and my priority was taking anything I could get to make ends meet.I had applied for a sales assistant but to my pleasant surprise they told me they might hire me to be the assistant-manager for a new outlet due to my previous experience.It was a rough integration being hired while a new outlet was in transitional phase. I had been shoved on the schedule and left to navigate alone among egoistical employees, w/o some official training to make me comfortable.ÊI had been off the job market for 2 years, I had failed many application when employers frown on employment gap, so I was grateful to have been given a chance again at anything..Maybe I was not sharp to start with, but I did not get the support for the management position they discussed with me. Whoever was in charge by the day threw me on the weekly schedule for 4 hours here and there. Then I was spending many days at home during my first 2 weeks which wasn't conducive to rapid integration nor made it easier to learn about the ins and outs of a new workplace daily activities.ÊOn top of all that, despite being diligent on customer service that all the girls like to dump on me, one day the supervisor walked in on me when I had not attended to 2 clients whom had walked in unnoticed(You know those moments when you freeze and your thoughts wander away??). She pulled me aside and said my work performance has not exceeded her expectations based on peer observations. I tried explaining that I wasn't being given a fair chance when I wasn't given steady working hours to learn and integrate properly. She just responded I was not being very efficient at the moment to earn more hours!Oh well!ÊMind you, employees who were hired a little before me, were also puttting me in a disadvanted postion by dumping all low level customer service and sales tasks on my back while they stand behind the counter acting like the boss and refused to teach me 'other' things to intentionally limit the scope of my knowledge and improve their power position.Then a lot more happened lately when I thought things were getting better as I became more confident. They hired a new manager, then suddenly another longtime manager out of medical leave joins our team. My hours and paycheck started to be sacrificed so she could be on the schedule. One time, for some reasons, she allowed an exchange w/o reciept and asked me to dot it bcoz a difficult client returned the next day. I knew it was against company policy but I trusted her experience thinking there were 'exceptions' eg; we recall the sale and the client.I made the biggest mistake by repeating it another day. I accepted an exchange w/o reciept in front of the assistant-manager who was obsessed with promotions. (He was pretty pissed when they didn't promote him and hired somebody above him). Then yesterday, our new manager who's been there for 5 weeks wanted to talk to me in private after my shift. He forced me to sign a verbal warning that I wasn't comfortable with. I was accused of 'several' billing mistakes. He also mentioned that I had failed company exchange policy that was brought to his attention. He wasn't present at the time, I was flabbergasted that colleagues reported me when themselves don't follow rules on a whim. Looks like everybody is busy trying to achieve personal agendas and stepping on me. The managers' girlfriends drop in at work all the time and hang out in the back-store. I argued that I didn't consent, he wouldn't listen me out and I didn't want to make the situation worse. I signed. Looks like I am being set up and they want evidence to use against me.ÊAdditionally, after 4 months closing with smooth cash register balances, then he mentions that money was missing 2 days ago when I left my shift and aslo mentions that they closed with negative balances on my days off. WTF?? I was in tears... were they looking for a village idiot to look good and pass probation? My manager broke 10 tableware products on his 1st week and aked me to record them on the inventory forms on his behalf so I'd have my handwriting on paper instead so he could look good....I was staying positive and saying to myself bad days will pass. Now all my hours are cut in half this week. Now I just get a phone callfrom my manager to say I'm off shedudule for 4 days!! And the senior employee who got me in trouble appears to be staying longer with us and they 're finding a spot to give her back her job while I'm the target if they have to avoid breaking payroll resources . I felt it is an injustice in the work place, betrayed and being manipulated. It was hard to get up for work and face these people.Now I'm stressed and I'm scared that I will lose my job next with a simple mistake, now they have my consent that I had been incompetent. I need the money. I would kindly need your HELP and advice to deal with this!!!c