When you boss acts like a toddler2012-02-17, 09:26 PMHI everyone,I'm sure everyone has worked with a controling and selfish boss so I wanted to share my story in hopes some of you can reply with suggestions on how to deal with my situation.Some background first: I'm a sales rep working for a small manfacturing firm with a large territory in the United States. My position is sort of different from most sales organizations where my sales manager is also a sales rep. My commission plan is based on a shared plan whereby both my sales manager and I work collectively on achieving our annual numbers. However, we get compensated differently; my Sales Manager receives a higher pay out than me because at the end he's responsible for the territory. In terms of our reporting struction, I report to him and he reports to my VP of Sales.ÊSo now you have an idea of what my job is like, i'll cut to the chase and starting writing about my issue.I have been a top performer even since I joined the company 2 years ago to a point where I have been outselling my Sales Manager in some instances. This made other managers and my VP of Sales take notice and become very interested in me to a point I have been giving the opportunity to be promoted to Sales Manager/Sr. Sales Rep where I would be responsible for my won territory (this means our existing territory would be split in half and I will be given new quota). WIth this arrangement, I would eventually become a counterpart to my manager instead of a direct report and I will be reporting directing to my VP.ÊHowever, before this was being considered my Vp of Sales required my 'manager's approval' for the new opportunity. So, when they both set up a meeting to discuss this, my manager completely sobatagoed everything for me. He was able to 'sell' the idea to my VP that I'm not ready to take on the new responsibility and my success recently shouldn't be given credit for. To make matters worse, he actually took credit for my sucesss by saying stuff like "his success is due to my managerial efforts in coaching him" which is a total lie (i have the numbers to prove it). We work very independent and rarely do I come to him for advice which sometimes I wonder if he's even fulfilling any of his Sales Management duties. In addition to this, he never goes up to bat for me, takes all the glory for our territory's success and he's a total control freak. So, I lost. The opportunity was no more until a fews weeks later....My manager approached me and explained that my VP had a changed of heart and is willing to offer this opportunity again to me but I was given not half but a much smaller territory instead. Unfortunately, this territory is a total dud (i have the market analysis to prove it). No growth whatsover; other sales reps in the past have abandon this territory because they knew their efforts are better spent elsewhere. When I question who's decision was on assigning this territory, my manager was the one that suggested to my VP and explained to him that this is my chance to prove him wrong by delivering results on our toughest area of business.ÊNow, this sounds to me like a total setup for failure. I feel that I have been played again by my manager. My boss really acts like a total Toddler hoarding all of his wants leaving crumbs for everyone. I can picture him CRYING OUT "ITS MINE! ITS MINE!"A very controlling and selfish person.So my question to you folks is what would you do in this situation? I thought of one option which I really don't want to do because of finanical reasons but im soo tired of the B.S...should I quit? or should I fight back but how?ÊMike