Questions about starting a business2014-01-17, 05:23 PMLately I've been thinking of starting a small side business doing software development.I've heard I can do this with a DBA (in some places "Assumed Name Certificate"), but that doesn't offer much protection. A "DBA" in my area costs about $25 to file.I'm leaning toward an LLC, though. A friend of mine started a business as an LLC, and it seemed a pretty straightforward process for him.So this raises a number of questions.1. As far as company names go, I have a few, but can those be Copyrighted, or do they need to be trademarked, or what? Should a name like that have the word "software" in it, since I'll be doing software? I was thinking about something like "technology" or "technology solutions" instead, in the company name. A friend of mine (different one) pointed out to me that if I do "software" in the name, people might just think of me as a software shop, instead of a solution provider.2. What about logos/original imagery? I'd think logos/original imagery only need to be Copyrighted.3. Product names. Do these need to be copyrighted?4. I've heard that code can be copyrighted, but I'm wondering if this is even necessary. I've heard it may be in very specific cases (i.e. a new algorithm or something), but in most cases I'd assume it won't be necessary.5. Should I get a "dedicated" computer that is my "business" computer? I suppose this is a good idea if I am going to be putting expensive software on it, at least from a tax perspective.6. Pricing. If I do contract work, how much per hour is a good rate? Also, what's a good rule of thumb for determining pricing for products? I've heard it's not always a good idea to "undercut" your competition by a lot, because then you might lose potential customers who might think less of you and/or your business.I ask because trademarking is very expensive (over $1,000, according to my friend who started his biz), and and copyrighting is much less expensive. Also, an LLC is around $350 to file where I live. I want to get a lot of this right the first time around.I'm going to probably "bootstrap" it. I don't think I'm going to want to take out any loans to grow the business.Work for your reputation, so your reputation can work for you