trouble sleeping2012-08-23, 08:05 AMDuring change of shift yesterday, I was talking to one of the younger nurses who works nights (I work days). Apparently, he doesn't have any trouble sleeping at all. As soon as he clocks out, he goes to his apartment and dozes off for the rest of the day until it's time to go to work at night. And you know what I feel when I hear him casually say this?ÊEnvy.ÊI used to work nights and I had trouble sleeping all the freaking time. I took all kinds of sleeping pill (Ambien doesn't even help) so when the opportunity to work days was offered in my current facility, I grabbed it. Since then, I have had better sleep but lately, particularly this month, I've gone back to having trouble sleeping again. When I think about it, I realize that my lack of sleep is strongly related to what's going on in my life. More anxiety = less sleep and I'm trying to take pills again but I still sleep for only 3-4 hours and it's been affecting my work. The funny thing is I thought I could hide it with make-up and it doesn't (I bought more expensive make-up and it still doesn't hide the dark circles lol) My patients and co-workers comment on it and yesterday, my boss said something about it. The last time a boss found out about my lack of sleep (as well as my personal problems), I became a fodder for office gossip, which I absolutely hate to be. So this time, I knew better and kept my mouth shut. Still, I am friends with a few people at work and next thing you know, my boss tells me that she's heard of my personal problems. That really bothered me that people were all in my personal effing business.ÊSo here's my work rant (this is one of the perks of joining AM) : I'm doing my best to deal with my current life as it is. I am not a Buddhist monk or some spiritual guru who can just switch off any emotion or thought at the blink of an eye. This is real life and we're all living in it. Anyway, as I was talking to this younger nurse, I blurted out --- "you sleep like a baby because you probably never had any problems in your lifetime" and he grins and says "yup." Knowing what I know of him, I'm pretty sure he's telling the truth. As I look at him, I remember how life was when I was younger. I literally had no problems at all. My world revolved around my ex-boyfriend and getting As. No wonder I slept like a baby back then lolAnyway, this is just me --- reminiscing my carefree youth.Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it's inspiring.