The Ethics of Wiping My Work Laptop2014-01-20, 08:29 PMSo for anyone following, I'm at war with my soon to be former employer. Attorney General is involved just to name one agency on my side.For the past 3 years, I've been well behaved with my work laptop, that is unless I'm traveling...then I use it for personal entertainment (no porn!...that is what the smart phone is for, hahaha) All high priority files are on the network drives. The only things the company would care for on my C: drive is some work in progress. I store my current projects on my desktop so I can work on them without a network connection until they are ready to be shared. I would gladly upload this crap to the network drive, but I'm cut off.I would like to wipe the drive. I don't know how many passwords, credit cards, etc. are stored in there somewhere. Also photos, personal documents, etc.A long time ago, when this war first became immanent, I took advantage of a small loophole in the start up security and altered the boot sequence such that I could boot from a CD and wipe from there. The wipe protocols are referred to as "nukes," the process will be so thorough that they won't even be able to figure out how I did it, no less reverse it. I plan on closing the loop hole back to its original size once complete. The computer will not be damaged, it will only require windows to be re-loaded which they will do anyway. I have similar software for my phone. I have tested both plans just shy of the final stroke of the enter key.Not that anyone will stop me from doing this, but what are the ethics behind protecting my own data on a computer that has been mine for 3 years? Should I tell them what I did and what they need to do to bring the computer back to operation. Should I just screw it....or should I expose the computer to an EMP and completely destroy it! (evil laugh...I am actually capable of that option but it seems pointless seeing that it damages company property and accomplishes nothing more for me)Questions, comments, concerns?