Crossroads2012-10-08, 04:50 PMMy question/concern: Need advice in a couple areas.My situation: I have worked for the same company since I have gotten out of college in 04. I went to an average college and received a Bachelor of Science in Economics. I have grown with this company, but not in the normal sense.ÊThere are no job titles here (we are an under-organized small business, approx 100 employees) and we just assume responsibility. I started out doing physical inventory analysis, getting paid in peanuts. Over the years I have taken over many facets of the business, ranging from IT to HR, Accounts Payable and some general accounting. I have streamlined many processes to be able to fit all of these roles into a 40 hour work week.Here are the problems I am having:Ê1) Compensation: Since I wear so many hats, calculating my market-based value is close to impossible. An HR Generalist makes 60k, an AP manager makes 50k, etc. I am a project coordinator for new IT projects, and will soon be responsible for IT Asset Management & Budget. I will admit I am not worth 110k a year currently. But how would you go about calculating fair and market value compensation?2) Job Skills: Honestly, I am probably more like an office manager, as I have many specialties correlating to small business. I have been looking for a new job, casually, but I find it difficult to show that I do have quite a bit of specialization in these areas. I get the fear that the recruiter sees that I touch a lot of areas, but don't get into much detail in these areas. This is a problem.ÊI fall into the 'firefighter' category fairly often, meaning that I put out fires. When shit breaks down they call me. When they don't know how to send an email they call me. When they don't know how to produce reports they call me. You get the idea. Unfortunately, being a 'firefighter' is unnecessary in many parts of corporate America, because most companies invest in their infrastructure, whereas mine doesn't. I feel like my ability to solve problems puts me ahead of the pack at my current job, but in a job search, it hurts my value.