Be employed or be a business-owner?2012-06-26, 03:28 PMHi! My sisters and I were discussing the pros and cons of being employed vs being a business owner. I, for one, am happy to be employed and I can see myself being employed for the rest of my life. I once tried to start my own business. I tried twice and both times didn't work out well. Many factors were involved but the one thing I realized is that to succeed in a business, one must have the hunger to sacrifice everything. I went to San Francisco last weekend for a vacation and dropped by my high school best friend's pastry shop. I couldn't believe how much weight she lost since she started her business two years ago. She's practically skin and bones. The first words out of my mouth were "what's happened?!?" and all she said was she's just too busy managing her shop. She works 6 days a week, wakes up extremely early to take care of her son, opens the shop early, does the cleaning, stocking, baking, getting orders, customer service, everything. She goes home very late and hardly has time to sit down and eat right. On her one day off, she's at home catching up on laundry, cleaning the apartment, spending time with her family and doing the accounting. So when she was done telling me about her usual week, I had to ask her if she was happy. She said that she wouldn't trade this for the world. And good for her but as I told my sisters, I don't think I can be a business owner again. I'd rather much go into teaching or do research. I told them if I do have enough money to start a business, I'd rather invest it in a CD or a retirement plan. On the other hand, my 2 sisters want to go into business and their reason is that they want to be their own boss and be in-charge of their own time and have more money. All these are understandable but I pointed out that as an employee, I don't worry about the budget or profits or losses when I'm at home. As soon as I clock out, I'm out the door and I don't spend one minute thinking about work. As for money, I believe it's all about living within one's means. I try to live simply and avoid a super flashy lifestyle. I mean, I'm happy with my 2009 CRV. And I'm the kind of person who doesn't mind having a boss as long as he's a reasonable one. I don't mind having to answer to someone. I guess, there's no right or wrong answer to this question. My personality and experiences have convinced me that I'd be happier being an employee.So what's your take? Would you rather be an employee or a business owner?Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it's inspiring.