going to be screwed out of a job I dont even want.. what to do?2012-01-29, 02:11 AMOkay heres my situation, im in my early 20's, and I currently work as a security guard for a law enforcement department at a city college.. my department that i work for is a city agency, so technically my job is a city job, and i get full benefits.. the department I work for hires campus cops, and security guards like myself. My job is part time, its generally for young people, and is basically a stepping stone for law enforcement careers. So i work along side campus cops, so basically think of my job as a paid internship, because thats what it basically is.So 2 years ago when i was hired by this department, as part of the pre-employment screening, I had to under-go a psychological evaluation, which goes typical with law enforcement positions. So my psychological screening, which was a written test of 1000 multiple choice questions, followed by a seperate oral interview by a psychologist on a later date was conducted by an outside agency that my department contracted with. So i passed the psychological evaluation with no problem and was hired. A few months ago, i was being screened for employment to become a police officer by the city, and they saw that another law enforcement department (the one i work for currently as a security guard) conducted a similar psych evaluation with basically the same written test, 2 years ago. So they wanted those records sent to them, to compare them and possibly see to it that i didnt answer questions differently in 2 different evaluations.. So long story short, the outside agency that conducted my evaluation was extremely unprofessional, didnt send the records out in time, it prevented me from becoming a cop and delayed me for now on that. When i called the agency to inquire about why my records werent sent over like they told me they would, and i was told that they didnt realize for 3 weeks that their email wasn't working, so they wound up going quite a bit of time with no email.. So naturally i was frustrated that they got in the way of me getting a career, so i said thats unprofessional, how do you run a business like this? (i didnt curse or yell, i was professionally frustrated)So now heres the screw job part. After this incident, my department gave out a test to be a campus cop. So for me, that would basically be going from a part time hourly job with this department, to a full time career. So i took the test, scored well on it, and was called to interview for several colleges. The college i work at doesnt need any campus cops, so i wound up getting hired by another college, to be a campus cop. (My law enforcement department covers 25+ colleges)Now I was thinking about whether i should take the job or not. the college i work at is a 15 minute drive away, the college that hired me would be a 2-hour commute each way via public transportation... The campus cops dont carry guns, the pay is awful so i dont even feel its enough money to commute 4 hours a day round trip, its basically looked at as a mall cop position. I decided i dont want the job and probably wont take it, but ill go along with the screening process and make my final decision in march, when my employment begins.So as part of the pre-screening process, guess what? I have to go for another psych evaluation, at the same contracted firm that interviewed me last time, that didnt send out my records, and that i called unprofessional. So i was concerned that maybe they'd try to screw me over. So i took a written test a month ago, and went down for my scheduled psych interview today... I brought a work evaluation letter from my boss, which was a positive review, and i brought a reference letter from a campus cop at my current job whose been a campus cop for over 15 years. My interview went really well as it should of, i dont have a criminal backround, and i didnt put down any crazy answers on the written test.So i left feeling okay i passed (im told the outcome in 2 weeks, but i basically knew i passed after i left) and heres where it all did a 180.. after i left and was a block away, the psychologist who interviewed me, called me on my cell, and asked me to come back. I was puzzeled by this, i interviewed 40 mins now i gotta come back, something told me not to go back, but i did. So after i went back, the psychologist told me, she was informed that i requested for records a few months ago and that i called their firm unprofessional and she was being all defensive about it, and then she said that it was documented that i had an attitude at the written test site, which was a complete lie, because at the written test site i didnt even open my mouth because it was all a written test, no talking invovled. So i was calm about telling her why i called the firm unprofessional.. So she was mad and said to me 3x, "you dont call a firm thats deciding on whether or not your gonna get a career unprofessional" then she left it off with a you'll find out if you passed or not in 2 weeks.So the way she spoke to me basically implied that because you called our firm unprofessional, we are going to fail you, and you wont get the job. My interview itself went great, and this basically has nothing to do with my character. They ****ed up and cost me a career as a cop, and now they want to prevent me from moving up in my current department. I dont know how they can have the balls to fail m, since they already passed me 2 years ago, and i have both a reference letter and a positive work evaluation. So basically how can they fail me and say im unqualified for the position when im already working for this department! But the way she spoke to me implied that she is going to fail me for bad mouthing their firm.I dont want the job, so i dont even care about the losing the job aspect. Its just the principle of the thing, and the corruption that bothers me. Im considering suing when I find out i failed. What should i do? Is it worth suing and fighting this clear corruption, or should i just let it go, and be screwed out of a career since i decided i dont want the career anyway?