Friend mentioned a job he thinks I can do for 30K+ more a year, but I'm torn!2012-12-11, 09:18 AMCurious to know what some of you guys would do. I was talking to a friend last night... a friend that basically I trained a few years ago and is making almost 25K more than me now without any education or certifications due to the knowledge I basically helped him with. He mentioned to me that his co-worker is currently looking for work because his contract comes to an end at the end of this year.In the same sentence, he said it was work he knows I could easily do. It would be tech work supporting Senior Vice Presidents. He told me the job would pay 30K+ a year more putting me possibly over 6 figures, with benefits, full time (not contractor), 3 weeks paid vacation and 10% "signing bonus". Plus, it would only be a 25 minute commute for me as opposed to a 60-70 minute commute I have now. While my friend did not say to me "Hey, give me your resume and I'll send it in to this place" or "Hey, contact this person to talk to them about the job", I felt like he was trying to hint at me about trying for it. My only concern is just how secure would this job be in 1-2 years. The positives definitely weigh out the negatives.Now, here is why I am torn. I am in a company that is CONSTANTLY growing. I've been here 10+ years now and have seen all positive changes. Lots of job security here, which is what I like. I am very comfortable where I am with the job and the people I work with. I get a lot of freedom with this job as well as a lot of personal time to myself when needed. They money is "not bad", though seeing that I could make more actually makes me think. But, I do get company stocks every year as a bonus. I am definitely happy here. If I did try to accept this job, my company WOULD counter offer to keep me here but I don't know how much and even if they did, I would feel like "that guy" people have a personal vendetta against for trying to leave. Also, my department is only 2 1/2 people. So Leaving, would leave my co-worker stranded to fend for himself and I would feel rotten in doing this.So, what would you guys do? Should I ask my friend to pass my resume off to this place and see where it goes? Or should I ask him who to contact because I might be interested in taking the job if I land an interview and like what I see? Keep in mind, he didn't really offer this position up to me but only mentioned it in passing and he even considered taking it himself before handing it off to a co-worker who needs the job before he becomes unemployed.