Negotiating For Money During Promotion2013-08-05, 06:40 PMSo I am finally getting promoted at work to the position I have been doing for months, the situation was complicated hence it dragged out for a long time.Here's the problem, because of my non-exept status and long hours, I am raking in the dough. The new position will be exempt and has a rather wide salary range. My company is definitely no superstar when it comes to base pay and my boss is pretty spineless when it comes to fighting for what is right.So here's the dilemma. I went to school and have 5ish years experience in field A. I moved to my current employer to perform field B both because B interested me and I wanted a foot in the door. I was essentially paid as an inexperienced B, lets call that S1. The person in charge of dept A was not very good at their job, in a fit of urgency, they moved me to spearhead A and get it moving again, which I did. I am now making almost S2 (yes, almost double) because of all the overtime. The industry standard for job A with my level of experiences is about S1.9, although my company sets the base pay for that job at between S1.1 and unknown (this is based on poor comparisons to other job fields because I am the only A in my entire company of 5000+), frequently paying S1.1. I know there are people out there in my company in similar positions making S1.6-1.8. They have similar experience levels, minus the slight detour into another field...but that experience makes me ever so more resourceful being my job is to support my old dept (and others, I'm in a support role now). I am willing to settle for no less then S1.5 and I feel this is very reasonable, I am going to start my negotiating at S1.8, however I know they are going to shoot for S1.1.What I have in my favor:Negotiating for 25% less then I am currently making on average.One of few people in my region who can perform this highly technical job. They are having difficulty filling a parallel job. At the current moment, I am not replaceable.Proven worker, turned my group around full 180 in 3 months.Experience in all 4 job types in my department...support role and I understand all supported functions through no less then 1 yr in each. Very rare.Would probably be picked up by another company in a heart beat for as much as 5x my current base (non-overtime) pay. But they know I don't want to leave the region and they are the only game in town.I have no less then 1VP (other then my own), 2 directors (other then my own..actually mine is the biggest hurdle), 5 Sr. Managers (including my own), and over 70 mid-level employees who will tell HR/Comp/my VP/my director that I am worth way more then what I am asking for..they are the reason this promotion is finally happening. Its pretty much anyone I work with, I have no people complaining. As of right now, my influence is on track to save the company over $5 million over the next 5 years. This increases exponentially at a rate of about 60%/year.What I don't have in my favor:Stubborn people who don't understand what my industry is.Comparisons to similar jobs in the company, which industry wide, is paid much, much less then what I do(that is your S1.1)Treating me like a promotion rather then a "new employee," because I am returning to my field of expertise, I feel I should be assessed with that experience rather then the typical bump up from my current level.A boss who will forget to include me in negotiations and is rather ineffective in promoting their people efficiently (it took three months just to ask the VP to promote me to the expected level)The people I will be negotiating with come from a world of pedigrees. My world relies on experience and proven success. In what I do, MS/PhD are the thinkers, BS are the managers and people getting it done. Its just how it works. They think I need an MS to negotiate for what I am asking. We all basically make the same money excluding the fact that the BS people have to spend 1-3 years on the front lines before being put on par with the higher degrees (as far as pay goes). Another way to put it is we are the practical appliers, they come up with the crazy hairbrained ideas.I am quite an aggressive negotiator, to the point that I can burn bridges if the other party won't compromise within reason. While I know what I'm going to do probably, I would like to know how other people would handle this so that I can have other tricks up my sleeve aside from my usual "do as I say, because we all know its fair, or I'll walk out the door."