Retaliatory Wrongful Termination and the Next Interview2014-01-20, 11:52 PMSo, I have enough posts here. I'm about to be wrongfully terminated for the following:1. Reported safety incident caused by another to our mutual manager (two levels up for both of us).2. Reported a denial of promotion to HR due to #13. Reported sustained abuse by management in retaliation for #2.4. Put on administrative leave for a non-existent incident. Expecting termination later this week.That is the short version, the long version is a 12 page report to the Attorney General.ÊI know the legal end. I can handle myself. In 35 hours, I will begin traveling to a job interview out of state. The company is a direct and threatening competitor with my current employer. The two companies are also embroiled in a bitter legal dispute over some things. The new employer seems like a wonderful place to work, everything good about my current employer without the bad that evolved from becoming the industry superpower. Hands down, I am the most qualified person in the world for this job, I invented every policy and procedure surrounding the unique product these companies make in my field. Can't say that too often. To boot, I offered them insanely low salary requirements because I love my job and want to keep doing it.1. If I am still employed at the time of the interview, should I explain my reasoning (after all, were both in court with the same enemy), or should I stick with my standard, "The company culture is evolving to an end which I no longer can see myself working for." Example? "There is no longer time for true thought processes and problem solving which was going to result in a publication. Myself and one of my best friends were assigned co-leadership on a team tasked with solving a multi-billion dollar problem that has been plaguing the company for a decade. We had years to complete it and a multi-million dollar budget. As soon as we started to make headway three months in, the project timeline was shortened to weeks and instead of solving the issue, we were assigned to put yet another band-aid on the problem. The problem has already returned and we work on the publication from home on our own time." *This employer is hiring me specifically to solve their major issues of similar nature.2. If by chance HR manages to fire me before the interview, how do I explain the firing? This is the one I'm really worried about.