How can one learn how to play politics?2014-11-06, 03:07 AMWithout revealing details of recent events in my work life, I have a question about not so much leadership, but politics--and not the kind that sent so many of us to the voting booth this week.I've never been good at politics and in handling people who seem to have been born masters of this chess game of sorts. I don't want to give examples, so I'm struggling for the words to really describe what I'm asking. It's not just assertiveness. There are situations where it's not seen to be appropriate to be assertive, such as in customer service "The customer is always right" (even when they're dead wrong, as in one of my previous posts). I can see times in my past where I know I would have handled a situation of a difficult customer much better if I had simply had more self confidence at the time and projected a calm assurance of my own competence. I get that. But I've had some more recent experiences with some of the worst human beings one can imagine, and people that even some of these "masters" I've known have struggled to deal with effectively.I've known people in my life who were superb leaders, and some of them seem to have this natural ability to handle some of these difficult people.At times in the past I've sent emails that some people applauded but others saw as inappropriate. Other times I've sent emails that I was chided for and to this day I couldn't tell you what I said wrong or what I should have said instead. I suppose that is a failure of my superiors at the time to have trained me, but I blame myself for not knowing better.How can one learn this skill? It's part communication or even NON-communication or non-response, depending on the situation (such as when someone is just sadistically trying to get a reaction out of you because they know you have an obligation to answer their question). It's part chess. It's part assertiveness. Is this something that you have to sort of learn from your parents or from a caring mentor as you move up through the ranks in whatever organization, or you're just screwed? The best thing I think I learned from my dad was honesty and to treat people right, but not assertiveness, not social skills, and certainly not politics. I've had an occasional mentor sort of take me under wing at different times in my life for different skills, but this is one thing I somehow managed to never learn, and I have to admit I've avoided doing things that would get me promoted because I didn't want to deal with the politics.One acquaintance suggested The Art of War. I've read it before, but it's been awhile.I hope this makes sense to someone and I truly appreciate any advice.Ignorance is curable; stupidity abhors that cure.