I was offered a job in a field I have no background in.. Can I get some advice?2013-04-03, 10:12 AMLet me start of by saying throughout my years of employment, I’ve always taken risks with companies I’ve worked with. Risks involved going about and beyond my job to find means and procedures to streamline certain protocols in the company. Throughout that experience, I’ve had the blessing to meet and work with the CEO’s of companies directly which was very inspiring. I’ve worked in, Home Loans, Car Insurance, Biotech Company, and now a marketing company for about 3 years. I’m now 26 years old. The last company I worked for was a biotech company, I created/programmed a software that helped them save a few thousand dollars a quarter and was instantly promoted from tech support into marketing. After working there for a while, I went to peruse a field of marketing so I went after it. I landed a job which I now work in which works with Direct mail marketing, the company is great. In fact I just received my review and did a great job. I manage some marketing strategies for the company.However, after a few months of negotiating with a local company getting to know the CEO over brunch, playing golf with her husband, having multiple dinners with the family I’ve asked to become the VP of strategic affairs this is a 30k jump in salary. This is quite a high level that I’m not used to and although the salary and benefits are great, this company I’m joining has less than 100 people, the income they bring in yearly is 2-3 million compared to the 40 million dollar industry I work in now. Perks include that I get to work from home every day or have an office, I can travel as much as I like as long as I do my job. I’m a hard worker so I don’t mind working from home or having an office, in fact I prefer an office environment. Now, I have no sales experience, but since they’re into the same line of business that I currently do here in my other company, they’re looking to bring in more sales and manage them. Well, I don’t have much sales experience but then again I never had much experience in anything until I read more about it and started applying it. I’m a little nervous because I feel like I’m in for a lot more then I can produce, however I’ve been in these spots before and it’s worked out well.I guess in conclusion what I’m asking for, is how far apart is marketing background then a sales background? How does one find themselves getting into sales, and is there potential to exceed in this industry?Thank You.