Developing hayfever? How am I suddenly allergic to things?! Normally my asthma triggers aren't 'allergic' - more things like temperature, humidity, chemicals etc. And I had a negative skin prick test for common allergens last year (though a really high total IgE) - never had any symptoms of hayfever usually except a tendency to sneeze more than the average person which I just assumed was a bit of a random thing and not set off by anything. However, the last week or so I've been sneezing more and having a slightly blocked/runny nose at times. Today it was really noticeable - eyes watering, blowing my nose a lot (my mum pointed out I was doing this more after being in a place with birch trees and when we were driving past various fields). I was kind of hoping - for the first time ever - that it was a cold and it still might be, but it got better when I came inside the house and worse just now after I went into my bedroom (window is open there but not in rest of house). I asked the pharmacist and got some loratidine which seemed to work for a bit but then it came back. Guess I'm quite surprised as I haven't had this before and was wondering if it's usually something that just develops like this - anyone else had this or have you always had it if you have it now? I know allergies are part of the 'atopic triad' (other two being asthma, of course, and eczema (which I have vv mildly) and my dad had a lot of allergies to complement all the asthma and eczema on my mum's side of the family, so it's not the most unexpected thing ever, but I hadn't really expected to get it now when I've not had these problems before. Grrr. It doesn't feel as bad as breathing problems but it's still pretty annoying. Still hoping it's a cold (weird but at least that would go eventually) but if it's not am going to have to find an antihistamine that works - not impressed so far with the loratidine (or do you have to take it for a few days to get an effect?). I am already on a double dose of montelukast for the asthma so was a bit surprised that I'd still be having allergy problems if that's what this is - I wasn't given it for allergy but know it's meant to work well for that. But perhaps it only helps 'lung' allergies and not things affecting the nose/eyes?