Hello I have been struggling for many years with asthma and allergies and each year things get worse. The last several allergy season I have wounded up in the ER for asthma flare. The beginning of trees once again in ER except it lead to 8 day hospital stay. We found out my one asthma med (advair) stopped working along with the tree pollen setting me off. I am still recovering and still have a deep voice and chest cough that I cant seem to shake. Still using Neb treatments. This is the 3rd intense flare in 6 months i dealt with due to allergies and asthma and being out of work. Back in 2006-07 I was allergy tested and blow up for everything and started allergy shots. No help now when they skin tested me the histamine did not react but two days later I break out with a rash on hands and arms. Said I had a delayed reaction. Doctor switched me to Dulera verses Advair and also in process for starting Xolair as I am not responding to any allergy medications. Anyone have experience with either of these? Also how long until you recover from asthma attack? I love being outside and a big runner and biker and right now it is a lot for me to walk 2-3 miles at a time. 4 weeks ago I landed in the hospital with a severe asthma attack for 8 days. 2 weeks I follow up with the pulmonary doctor which they conducted a breathing test the day before my appointment not allowing any use of resuce or asthma med. This was a real struggle. I meet with one of the nurse practioner in the office but she was not one that followed my case while in the hospital. One she told me that i was not forcing or making enough effort with the breathing test, which i truely was.and second that istill was tight. And that i was suffering from big time allergies which were out of contro;. Why do you first not have me followup with the actual doctor that was following up with me at hospital and second when you are really struggling to do breathing test how can they say you are not making enough effort. I am still needing the neb every 4-6 hours and you can tell when it wears off. I am waiting for insurance to accept me to start of xolair as all other treatments have failed me. HELP 