Let me first say I'm NOT asking for medical advice or treatment. I'm just looking for some direction. When I was little I had pretty severe asthma and respiratory issues (I had several hospital stay in plastic tents). When I got older I seemed to outgrow most of it (although doctors have told me you never really outgrow asthma). Fast forward several years (I'm 46) and I'm not overly sensitive to perfumes or household cleaners or even cigarettes, but I DO have wicked allergies (tests have shown I'm pretty much allergic to everything - grass, pollen, dust, trees, you name it). I take genericSingulair every day and also Flonase and occasionally OTC allergy meds like Allegra orAlavert. I work a stressful customer service job. A few weeks ago, while on a phone call with a very nasty customer, all of a sudden, it felt like someone was squeezing my chest with a rope and I couldn't breathe. I figured, "panic attack" and tried to calm myself down (I'm not an "OMG, I'm dying" kind of a person but rather, "Okay, my body is reacting to stress .It'll pass.") An hour later, with the symptoms getting worse, I drove myself to the ER where, after hearing the sequence of events, also told me it must be panic, gave me a low doseXanax and sent me on my way. The Xanax, by the way, while calming me, never quite took away the odd constrictive feeling in my chest. When I still felt the same way a few days later, I wondered how it's possible to be in a state of panic (if that's what it was) for so many days. The chest constriction wasn't as bad, but it was definitely still there and taking a deep breath made me lightheaded. Trying to hold a conversation with friends made me dizzy (trying to breathe and talk at the same time). Also muscle aches and the worst fatigue I've ever felt in my life. I thought it was maybe new detergent or fabric softener or something but I feel bad indoors and out. I made an appointment with my doctor who ordered chest x-rays, blood tests, you name it. The next day, he said, "Everything looks ok." and that was the end of the story. Uh -- well what about the fact that I still can't breathe properly and am exhausted all the time? I love my doctor (normally) but he seemed to think that since the tests were "ok," that we were done. Grasping at straws and having no medical background, I emailed him back and asked if maybe I should see a cardiologist. He said he'd put in the referral (I have a visit with a cardiologist next week). Today, reading about how asthma can be stress-induced, cause chest constriction, fatigue, etc. I emailed him again and said, "Based on my respiratory history, would it be of any benefit to see a pulmanologist or should I see an allergist again?" He wrote back with something like, "Well it certainly can't hurt to see a pulmanologist." ?????? Who's the doctor here? *rips hair out* I feel like we're playing a very expensive game of "diagnosis darts" and I'm the one who will be paying for all of this guessing and self-diagnosis. If this is asthma, I don't even know what kind of doctor I should be seeing (I went ahead and made an appointment with an allergist for later this week just in case). Any of you with asthma, do you have long periods of time where you feel like it's hard to take a deep breath or you sigh a lot or and chest constriction (I can't remember from my childhood) or is asthma definite "attacks" of wheezing and constriction and then it goes away? Sorry this was so long. Any advice or even anyone who read this, is greatly appreciated. I'm truly at a loss as to what to do. 