I was diagnosed with asthma when I was 8 y/o. We didn't know the triggers and just resigned ourselves to genetic predisposition (my dad and grandmother have it, too). I managed to cruise along with just a rescue inhaler until my early 20's (I'm 36, now) when I developed "chronic constriction". Being the Type A, stubborn individual I am, I refused to slow down and continued my 2 hour daily gym regimen and figure skating career. Bear with me... I have a point... Finally, at the age of 27, I arrested myself to the sidelines of the rink and continued on with judging skating competitions even though I longed to be out there training the next generation of skaters. Slowly, my active lifestyle was whittled away by my inability to breathe. Now, I'm lucky to walk around the block without wheezing. Pulmonologists, GPs, and Cardiologists have all said the same thing. - My genetic predisposition for inflammation has led me to the position I'm in now - Daily breathing treatments, Oxygen therapy, Medication, etc... has become the dominating force in my schedule. I have been fighting recurring bronchitis since 10/2012 and have been hospitalized twice since then for pneumonia. Again, I was told that the asthma related inflammation is the main culprit for creating the perfect storm in my lungs and inability to kick this garbage out! Now, I am EXTREMELY lucky that I have excellent health insurance through my husband's job. Every test.... every medication.... and so many unconventional therapies have been tried. Many have worked but only short-term. Right now, I feel like I'm fighting a losing battle. Every other breath is a struggle and fruitless in delivering oxygen. I'm losing sleep because I can't breathe. I just needed to vent to others dealing with similar crap. It's one thing to talk my friends, family, and therapist, but, unless you know what it feels like... well, can they really understand? Thanks for "listening", and I hope that you're breathing is easy! 