Back in my teenage years I remember a good friend of mine who struggled with asthma, I remember her having it in her hand/pocket daily, and using it all the time. The one thing I look back on is even though I knew she had it, I knew nothing about it... Never knew she struggled for air, Never knew she may have felt out of place with friends, Never new she couldnt do the things she enjoyed without having difficulties., Never even realised it could kill her. In hind sight I guess I can blame the era, the 80s, I can blame the fact that I was only a teenager without enough maturity... however this ignorance continued into my adult life, I had parents with asthma and still didnt realise the significance of it all. It was only when one of my parents almost died from it, that I had to call an ambulance because they couldnt breathe. It has only been since I have had my own flesh and blood child with asthma that I have realised the true meaning of life, and how asthma has caused daily stuggles and embarrasement into her life. My problem is that that I still see major ignorance within society. her school for one, .not enough educated teachers/ or medical staff appear to know what to do. Once she had an attack after running for sports, and the teacher approached her and said have you got your puffer,apparantely she wasnt even able to talk, and gasping for air, her friend not the teacher gave her her puffer... and sat with her while she took it while the teacher just walked away.. her education suffers, with missed lessons simply because If I sent her toschool with even a slight wheeze/couph either she would be sent home or I would most likely find she would be admitted to hospital simply because they dont either want to deal with it, or dont know how.. Some of her close friends are helpful but she still hides her puffers, she still wont use them in public without feeling ashamed. These issues at schoolcause depression as ,she feels having this disabiltity is crippling her friendships, always the outcast. Although I can tell her all the positive things in life, its what she sees around her from other people.. I just would like to see more awareness installed into schools. Both teachers and students taught what it is, how it effects others and to be more aware... and even be empathetic over the life an asthmatic has to live., I would also like it to be recognised as a disability with the Government, and to be able to get support both financially, and medically, as this too have an impact on every asthmatics life and their families . Well, My daughter finally did it, landed a few nights in a hospital bed, after what appeared to be an astham attack... Her signs, tight chest, couph, pain in chest, unable to lay down, breathe in, agitated, and wheezing. But wait for it a perfect spirometery test. How, is this, why I still dont understand, doctors, performed, xrays, ECG, and admitted her with 3 hourly nebs, and high does of the medications asthmatics love to hate!! 3 days in hospital, and sent home without a lot to go by.. An Acute asthma attack was documented. What I want to know and for my daughters piece of mind is why all the pain in the chest, and lower abdomin, that will just not go away... My daughter described this as something stuck deep down that just wont come up... Normally has a quite phlemy couph yet this ones quite dry, with occassions of phlem although not enough to stop couphing and to feel comfortable. Night after night she couphs..triggered by possible allergic reactions, this attack has left us a little bewildered. Do way stay on antihistimines, this didnt help before the attack..Ask for a dose of Antibiotics, as was never given due to no colds, flus etc.. (although a few weeks prior the flu shot was given) (could be this be a trigger even.) Normally I can help her to manage the attacks at home when she isnt well, and prednisolone usually kicks in straight away, this time it didnt do so good, even after the first dose and dozens and dozens of puffers. Im hoping this isnt a sign of things to come, worsening effects as she is already on high doses of preventors. Any suggestions as to what to try and do, and what is this pain she keeps referring to, is it only muscular, on the inner side, or could it be more. any suggestions/advice would be great., :) 