I'm a 23 year-old male who received a diagnosis of asthma last week. Around the end of February of this year, I was moving some things around the house and began to feel my chest tighten. I could tell that I was beginning to feel anxious, but not being the sort of person who suffers from anxiety, let alone in the comfort of my own home, I wasn't sure what was going on. I began to cough repeatedly, almost without any pause in between and was brought to the point where I felt I had to lay down on the ground or risk whatever was going on getting worse. The coughing didn’t stop, my chest continued to feel tighter, and I was getting to the point where I couldn’t even breath. This episode was extremely painful and for the rest of the day, I had a difficult time moving around my own home without feeling sluggish, my muscles around my neck, chest, and back all ached, and my lungs felt as if they were stretched to their limit. I was feeling short of breath for a couple of hours afterwards, and I didn’t feel like I was drawing enough air into my lungs. The soreness in my lungs was similar to the feeling of your calf and thigh muscles afterrunning 8-10 miles without a break in between. I had not the slightest idea as to what was going on. I have never experienced such a feeling before, at any time in my life. Some background information on me, I do not smoke. I smoked cigarettes in the past, but it has been one to two years since the last time I smoked. I live with my fiancé and she doesn’t smoke and never has. I’m in extremely good health; a very active and fit person. I’m a distance runner and have never had any issues with it. Since that incident in February, that feeling of not drawing in enough air when I inhale has been persistent. I do not have any history of respiratory problems, and have been in considerably good health throughout my entire life. I was referred through my medical provider to see a pulmonologist and have a PFT and methacholine challenge test done. The PFT came back just fine but there was a positive reaction to the methacholine challenge test. When I began to cough and have difficulty breathing, it was extremely similar to the coughing/shortness of breath incident that I had experienced in February. I was administered albulterol afterwards, and the remainder of the test showed that it had a considerable effect on calming down my coughing. I performed okay for the rest of the test. After I was diagnosed with asthma through my medical provider, I was prescribed an albulterol inhaler to have on cycling trips or jogs; just in the event that I had another episode and was away from home. I had used it prior to bicycling the day after I was diagnosed, and I had experienced a major improvement in my breathing and lung function. For the first time my entire life, I could feel the cool mountain air all the way into the bottoms of my lungs. I had never experienced it before, but again, I had never had any indications that I had anything wrong with my breathing. Since last week, I’ve experienced a lot more tightness and shortness of breath which has stopped me from running/cycling out of concern that it could send me into an episode of some kind. I went camping over the weekend, and the first evening and second afternoon I experienced another episode that was so bad, it made me feel weak in my arms and all over my body and made it difficult to pack and move around my gear to get it loaded up to head home. The sensations were all identical to episodes that I had had before, the only thing that makes me wonder is that I have never experienced wheezing of any kind, until just a day or two ago and it only lasted five minutes or so. I still had the tightness/shortness of breath, the feeling of my lungs being stretched to their limit, and the pain and aches in my neck, chest, back, dizziness, and weakness all over my body. Is it possible for asthma to come on like this so suddenly and within a short amount of time? Is it possible that I have had it for a while and was just recently diagnosed with it? I’m really confused as to the suddenness of all of this, and it may have an adverse effect on my career. Has anyone had any experience with it being so sudden? Some insight into whats going on would really be appreciated. 