  SOB like nobody's business!________________________________________Hi, my name is Jessica and I am a mom of 3 under 7. I am 31 but people can't believe it when they find out. And through my ordeal I have met a lot of strangers giving their opinions.They are shocked that I even have kids or that I've been married 10 yrs....they say the would guess 20's. I just have that young look to my face I guess. Sweet eh? :/ I say that because I "look" healthy and fit but looks can be decieving. I feel like a 90 yr old overweight person. I'm sick of this. I went from perfect ...never any serious illness to BAM. It all started 8 months ago with pneumonia. My very first taste of shortness of breath. During the pneumonia there was black mold found in the house my husband and I rent. The landlord hired an 80 yr old man to do the work who was soooo slow and the walls were open exposing us to the mold as he dealt with the reconstruction. Now whether that is relevant or not well.... I do find it curious. About 6 weeks after the pneamonia I was making my daughter a sandwich when experienced chest pain and pressure followed by near syncope episodes. I fell forward but never actually hit the ground during any of those times and they happened a lot. After ER visits I was referred for an echo. On the echo they saw I had pericarditis( inflammation around heart). I was told to take a high daily dose of ibprofun along with cochechine which is used for gout but in studies it was shown to lower the risk of recurring pericarditis. I was told to take that for 3 months. I became so sick from the ibprofun. I couldn't keep food down it was horrible and I couldn't even finish the dosage. But I did take the cochecine. We went on a trip to Yellowstone to meet my family. We couldn't cancel... it had been planned for quite sometime.We should have though. We ended up coming back early because I was not doing good at all. I was throwing up having chest pain I was scared I was going to go into cardiac arrest a few times there in the middle of nowhere and I had begun having shortness of breath. It had stopped after the pneumonia but it came back again. When we got back I had an appointment with a pulmonologist. My oxygen was 92% when they first took it. They did a 6 min. walk test and my oxygen went down to 84%. They went and got oxygen for me and continued the test but it only recoverd to 95%. When I got back to the room the pulmo had already talked to a cardiologist and he wanted to do a heart catheter. My husband and I declined because we felt I was not recovered from my pericarditis. The doctor told me the plan was to treat me for the pericarditis...he offered prednisone or a high dose of aspirin....I didn't want to blow up from it...so I chose the aspirin to try. He said if in two weeks I was not better, he wanted to do the heart catheter. He also ordered me for oxygen at home. And at that same time he prescribed xopenex inhaler and symbicort though I have never used...until now. Like 2 days ago. I was just worried I was taking enough meds and I thought it was my heart so unless we knew for sure it was asthma then I didn't want the unnecessary medicine. The pericarditis with the horrible chest pain and pains down arms and under left shoulder blade did go away after the high dose of aspirin ( adult dose 3 x a day for 7 days) But the SOB never has. I have had many tests over the past 8 months including a heart catheter, ventilation and perfusion scan, ct scan, chest x ray, bubble echo, stress echo. They suspected pulmonary hypertension because of the oxygen desats. Sounds innocent enough but very bad fatal disease. My pressures were great! So yes, that was a relief. I have had spirometry tests. They were not perfect but not obvious either. I know I had a low DCLO and prob some more... I just don't have the info at this moment. When I had the echos it was seen I had moderate aortic regurgitation, thickening of non coronary aortic cusp, right to left shunt. The ct showed atelectasis, the chest x ray showed I had peri bronchial thickening..... And some more random stuff. But to the cardio people it was nothing to worry about and not causing my symptoms. It took me a little bit but I believe them on that now. What helped is that I had the BNP blood work which tests for congestive heart failure and the value came back less than 10. So that was a big relief. I also think that when you have so many tests the odds of finding some things that aren't relevant are high. Frustrating! I never was told I had a murmur until now....hmmm. I wish I was one of those people who gets tests done and there is a definitive YUP everything is perfecto! Instead of a little tease/ piece of a puzzle that leads to more tests but then more questions. But yes, I am feeling my heart is not perfect...but it's fine and not causing my issues. But my lungs.... Something is up. And what caused this? Did I develop asthma after the pneumonia or from the high doses of ibprofun or aspirin? Was it the black mold exposure during my very sick time of the pneumonia? The bathroom and walls are fixed and the smell is less but is there still mold in the air? Before any of this even happened during the spring I realized just how bad of allergies I have. My husband called me the mucous queen...in nose and always hacking up stuff. And I found that through this I had allergic reactions to various things one of them being latex. I get big fluid filled blisters when it's in contact with my skin....But I have never been to an allergist. I am also from utah. My husband is in dental school here and when he is done in 2 years we move back to WA. There something called in inversion going on. The air quality is horrible. We have the worst pollution here than just about any other state. I noticed in WA when we were back for Christmas my SOB was a lot better?! Not perfect but so much better. This has been so hard to deal with. I am a busy mom, I can't sit still....I go nuts mentally if I have to. But physically I get so out of breath. That time at the pulmo was the only documented case of my low oxygen. I have had high numbers a lot like 99-100. I feel dizzy like I am hyperventilating. The gas exchange in my lungs is sort of out of wack.... I wonder why and I think it's a compensation thing maybe I've developed because of the struggle to breathe. After my last test I was liked okay.....my BNP bloodwork was great my heart is not failing but then well..... I still have this SOB.What do I do? It's very real and disturbing thing. Then I remembered my inhalers and the pulmo telling me how to use them. And the other day I used my xopenex and there was a notable difference!!This morning for the first time I used my symbicort. I am going to use it daily like I am supposed to and see if after some time if it makes a difference. It's like the only thing I can do right?I am also wondering if I should see an allergist? Have any of you?Sorry this is incredibly long. It's been a long 8 months let me tell ya. I really hope I get relief from this. I feel hopeful. But only time will tell.