Back in October 2012 (which was approx 4 mos. after the delivery of my son), I began having this "tingly" sensation of chest pain on the left side. Went to GP who ordered x-ray and CT Scan of Chest both with and without contrast, EKG, and eventually an echocardiogram (all came back completely normal). Only thing that showed was in blood work-- tested mildy positive for mycoplasma bacteria... which from what I was told is very common and quite known for causing pneumonia-like symptoms. Although I was only having the mild intermittant chest pain at that time (and not any full blown pneumonia symptoms), the doc still went ahead and prescribed Erythromyecin. Chest pain then went away for about 2 months but came back the following March (2013) with a vengence. I then went back to doc. Gave me more Erythromyecin but this time it didn't help. Ran more blood work, another EKG, and again, all was fine. Then by late summer/early fall this past year, the chest pain subsided a little but then I started to notice this "tickly" cough that feels like it's coming from deep down in my left lung/bronchial area. This comes and goes and I seem to notice it more in cold weather or after a good run on the treadmill. This past fall (obvioulsy because I was still having issues), I returned to doc, had chest MRI with and without contrast, another echocardiogram, echo stress test and tons more blood work and everything keeps coming back NORMAL! I guess I should be thankful for that, but part of me wonders if they're missing something. I was feeling satisfied with all the testing until I had my first major onset of breathlessness this past October. I literally could not get enough air into my lungs! Ended up going to ER. They again, ruled out anything serious and suggested I see a pulmonologist. This was all quite alarming to me, because I've been a distance runner for years and am used to running 18-20 miles/week. Because my lungs are in good shape and athletic form (proven even by the xrays), to me there should be no reason for the level of breathlessness I experienced! So it made me quite concerned to say the least. So then, I went to pulmonoligist this past January and because of all the work up I've had, they have a suspicion this could be adult onset asthma. They said if it were "cancer or anything more serious like that", it would have shown up in all the imaging studies I've had done. My breathing function tests are scheduled for March 19th so I only have a week and half until then but in the meantime I'm simply perplexed and would like to hear from anyone who has experience w/adult onset asthma. I had another onset of the breathlessness that hit me January 20th on a return flight from Dallas to Colorado. Since then, I've been having off and on trouble with my breathing. It often bothers me at night and I wake up on the morning feeling breathless too. Then it does get a little better once I'm up and moving for the day but it's definitley still there off an on. Until I can get in for the breathing function tests, they have me on albuterol rescue inhaler and advair Diskus. These things do seem to help especially when I use them together.. but then once they wear off, the breathlessness creeps up again. I am very disheartened that I've had to give up my runningfor now, at least until I get an official diagnosis and find out what's wrong. What I do know is that I have 2 cousins with asthma, but they were diagnosed as kids. Other than that, there is no one in my family that I know of that has adult onset. The other thing is that I feel like I have trouble getting breath IN (not out)... and from what I understand peoplee with asthma have trouble getting breath OUT.. I have been tested to rule out everything from TB, to Lupus and all that is negative. The only thing I did come back positive for was a condition called Granuloma Annulare, which is a benign autoimmune inflammatory condition that effects the skin (sort of looks like excema). The doc told me that sometimes inflammatory/autoimmune conditions are connected to one another.. so I guess that does make me wonder about the possibility of having asthma too. If anyone could please help shed some light as to whether this sounds like adult onset asthma, I'd surely appreciate it!! Thank you! 