Possible mild asthma? Hello allI am a 21 year old female and about a month ago I had a sudden onset of dizziness and rapid pulse, I was also struggling to breathe a little but I assumed this was anxiety due to how I was feeling. I took my temperature which was normal (36.6) I thought that if I had these symptoms again I would go to the doctor. About two weeks later I started to have these episodes more frequently. I would get dizzy, light-headed, nauseas and have a very fast heart beat. I decided to go to the doctor as I couldnt carry on like that. The doctor was alarmed by my pulse and sent me for an ECG. The ECG showed my heart rate at 113. He said this was not normal and that we needed to find the underlying cause. He then sent me for a blood test testing my thyroid. In the mean time I was put on Pur-Bloka 10mg for the heart rate. My thyroid test came back normal and about 2 days later my chest started to feel tight and burn along with dizziness again. I went back to the doctor and he sent me for a lung function test and a stress ECG. The lung function test was horrible, it made me even more dizzy and tired. Anyway it was not good according to the doctor as my capacity was only 90%, he showed my the graph and that the slope was not at the right angle. The stress ECG was also not fun. Who wants to exercise when they are sick! It said my resting pulse was 90. Not sure what that means. The doctor looked at the results and gave me a prescription for and accuccuhaler to help my lungs and he ordered tests for anemia and a full blood count as he saw that I was pale in the face and on my palms. The anemia results came back and they were normal. I am not dizzy anymore but my main symptoms are still present- Bouts of rapid pulse and burning in the chest, also very tired. He has said that if the symptoms persist I should see a physician. I guess my question is, has anyone had such symptoms and then been diagnosed with asthma? I understand that there is a scale of severity in the type of asthma too. Will the accuhaler take a while to start working if it is mild asthma? should I wait before paying another fortune to see a physician? I'd love to read about any of your experiences with mild asthma and any other opinions. I find doctors dont always explain things to patients and I'm a little in the dark here.Thanks guys