Asthma Uncertainty________________________________________Hello! I have troubles about my breathing to get off my chest and it's always so hard to remember everything I want to say when I see a doctor, I thought a post here might be helpful.Just under a year ago, I started to have some noticeable problems with my breathing; it felt like I needed to take a couple of breaths to get sufficient air on. I never felt like I actually couldn't breath, just that I wasn't getting all the oxygen in. This had happened periodically in my childhood and it had always just gone away fairly quickly, so I left it alone and assumed it would pass. After three or four weeks, it hadn't got better, and I was starting to have heart palpitations, which made me really panicky. I went to the doctor, she took an ECG and a blood test of some kind and the results came back fine. Since then, I've been going to the doctor and then the hospital taking breathing tests of various kinds, most of which have come back fine, although one of the asthma tests they felt was inconclusive, I had something like borderline asthmatic levels of breathing or something. The breathing problems have not remotely gone away over the past year, every day I've experienced them to some degree.I've also experienced a wide variety of other symptoms as well as breathing difficulties, which seem to come and go with little rhyme or reason. For about half a week last February I had a miserably tight chest- my doctor gave me an inhaler to see if it helped, which it did the first time I used it. But the tightness came back, and the inhaler didn't provide any relief beyond that first time. Eventually it just went away of its own accord, and while I've had chest tightness since it's never been anywhere near as bad as that. In addition, I've been wheezing a little across the year, though it never seems linked with how bad my breathing is. I get chest pain quite a lot. For a few days in April or May I was waking up in the night a lot, gasping for air, but that barely ever happens now. In May I had really bad heartburn for a short while, but since then it's returned to a more normal, manageable level. I might remember a couple of other things as well, but you get the picture, there have been other assorted symptoms but they aren't as consistent as the breathing.I tend to think it's asthma- my Mum and my younger brother both have it, and at least one of the tests have shown it to be a possibility, and it might also account for the isolated moments when I was younger where I struggled for breath, or the time when I spent minutes coughing and spluttering after finishing a football game. But, there's a nagging, worried voice in my head that suggests it's something to do with my heart- the breathing, the chest pain, the palpitations... I've always thought one ECG wasn't always enough to necessarily catch a heart conditions. I worry that my doctor just assumed the palpitations were because of anxietybrought on by my OCD, and the ECG confirmed her suspicions, and now I'm having hospital appointments chasing breathing problems that might originate from a totally different area. The problem is, I do have OCD, and so I worry a lot about this, and sometimes I've convinced myself that things were worse than they are. I once thought I had a pulmonary embolism and had to be talked down by a doctor, and even then I went home and cried, convinced I was right and he was wrong and I was dying. These were when I was having these stabbing pains in my chest and my back, ones that were painful enough to stop me in my tracks when they flared up, and I thought that meant 'pulmonary embolism.' But when I did more research and realised, hey, the doctor is right, it can't be an embolism, the pains evaporated almost overnight. And, when I'm in social situations, or absorbed in a film or something, I won't need to be trying to get enough air in, I'll feel OK. So that makes me think it could just be anxiety related, but then why do I wheeze, why did I wake up all the time in the night gasping for air? I can't understand it, and then just now I had heart palpitations, but I don't know if they were. I could feel my heart pounding from the effort of just getting out of bed quickly, I could really hear it thudding in my ears, but it wasn't the same as the initial heart palpitations, which were more rapid and overwhelming and stopped me from doing anything other than lying down and whimpering. I hope some of this was coherent! I'm just worried is all. I know all the doctors I've seen see nothing to worry about, but I just can't help but worry that they're looking in the wrong direction or something. I would love advice, if you've made it this far!