Hey hello, looking for advice Hi everyone. Sorry to stumble into your forum, I hope you're all nice! I will firstly say that I'm lucky in the sense that through adulthood my asthma has become very dormant, I understand your suffering, the day in day out struggle fortunately those severe days seem to be behind me (fingers crossed forever) I wanted to ask you opinions on something that happened to me recently. I try to keep my dealings with nhs to a minimum. It's just, the Dr I saw had me questioning things I thought I knew about my condition. So. I rarely use inhalers now, and for my own stupid reasons even if I feel I need one I try to steady my breathing in other ways. I recently stayed with my boyfriend and either my dist allergy or the cold triggered my asthma. With no inhaler and 300 miles from home I trudged into boots and asked if they could do anything for me. They recommended I go to a big asda, but in the centre of Manchester I had no hope and no transport out to any retail parks so, I settled for the second option of going to the walk in centre.I had my surgery fax over my medical history which showed multiple meds for asthma, hospital stays for attacks, nebulisers, steroids for bad bouts. Alas though no treatment for the last 5 years. I waited 2 hours to see someone and I won't be personal but, I got the impression she disliked me from the off. I explained that the cold air or maybe dust allergy had set me off wheezing at night and that cold air has always been a trigger for me. She said 'asthma isn't brought on by the cold air' I said 'I can only tell you what has happened to me' anyway she listened to my chest and there was no wheezing, I told her that having been sat for 2 hours in a warm waiting room stopped my wheezing, she said 'wheezes don't just go away' I just wanted to check those two points. Does anyone roses asthma get especially bad in the cold? Does anyone else manage to stop a wheeze through deep breathing and warm? Basically to sum it up. She refused me an inhaler and said I'd have to see someone else. After waiting a further 30 minutes I left with nothing. I felt like I was some sort of junkie begging for a fix. I want to make a complaint but, I don't know if I have valid reasons. I felt failed by the nhs, or does anyone think she was right? Sorry to go on and if you have read all then thank you :):) 