I was diagnosed with asthma as a teen but I believe I had it as a child as well. Even as a child I wasn't able to run without getting out of breath and having to stop. I never really had to worry too much about my asthma unless I ran so it was considered exercise induced. Four years ago I moved into an apartment in an older house and started developing more problems with my asthma. I ended up in the ER a couple of times and was put onsymbicort and was tested for allergies. I have a tree nut allergy for which I carry an epi-pen. I also have both seasonal and perennial allergies. I've had to double up my doses ofsymbicort during bad flare ups. Right before last Christmas I was on prednisone for a few days. My asthma educator suggested I try singulair. My drug plans doesn't cover it but I was able to get a few samples. My family doctor ordered nine weeks worth of singulair samples which I recently picked up. Singulair works so well for me that I only have to take my regular dosage of symbicort and barely have to use my ventolin at all. The only time it doesn't work is if I have a cold. I'm hoping that when we move that my asthma will improve because I will be around less triggers such as mold. I've been taking Singulair and it works really well for me. My drug plan doesn't cover it so my doctor went through the drug company to obtain samples. I'm down to two weeks worth of singulair so I asked my doctor to order more. Apparently the drug company won't send any more until July because they said that they sent the maximum amount! I live in an old apartment with poor air flow, dust, and mold. I also have outdoor allergies. Without the singulair my asthma is not controlled at all. We weren't able to move this year. Ihope we will be able to next year. Even taking double the dose of medication doesn't always help enough especially during allergy season! I don't want to end up on prednisone! Are there any other drugs like Singulair that work the same way? Ones that would be covered on drug plans? I heard there's a generic but it's not readily available. I have a problem with constant phlegm in the back of my throat that moves down to my chest. I have allergies as well as asthma. I know that asthma and allergies both cause increased mucus production. I'm not sure whether I should take more antihistamine, nasal spray or my inhaler. I take symbicort two puffs twice a day, avamys nasal spray two sprays in each nostril once or twice a day, reactine 10mg 24 hour, singulair 10mg, andventolin(albuterol) as needed. The extra phelgm makes me cough irritating my airways which many times provokes an asthma attack. I've tried a neti pot but it made my nose too dry. 

The high humidity they have had here really makes my asthma much worse. I sleep with the a/c on at night and wake up with a sore and very tight chest. I take my two puffs ofsymbicort, reactine, singulair, and avamys in the morning. Lately this hasn't been enough so I have to take a couple puffs of ventolin as well. On the bad days I go into the yellow zone where I double everything except the reactine( I am taking the max amount). I takeventolin every four hours as needed. Today, has been really bad. I try to avoid going outside for too long when the humidity is bad. I don't have a vehicle so I walk or take a bus. Is there anything else I can do? I wake up several times a night. I think it may be due to my asthma but I am able to go back to sleep. I try not to take ventolin unless necessary since it can make me more awake.

I went to the doctor on April 1st because I have had a cough since March 13th. I had a really bad virus for a couple of weeks. The doctor said it was a post-viral cough that could last a couple of weeks. I've noticed that after the virus that I get out of breath and wheeze even doing something mildly exerting such as carrying groceries home or walking fast. I end up having to use my inhaler. I've never had an asthma flare be even more after a cold. Has anyone else had this and how long did it last? It seems to slowly be getting worse. Myinhaler works a little with these flares but resting works more. I am still in my yellow zone though. 


My boyfriend and I recently move into a third floor apartment. We've been seeing ants for a while. Not really huge numbers but we've been seeing them for several weeks, We told the landlady and she has scheduled an exterminator to spray for ants for tomorrow morning. We have to be out of the apartment for a minimum of 4 hours. We have to move furniture out from walls, put away food on counters. My question is: If there are residual fumes from the ant spray will they make my asthma worse? We're going to leave all the windows open. Is fours long enough for the fumes to dissipate? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. 

I don't sleep with my window open at night but do open them during the day because it gets too stuffy in here. Having the windows closed during the day makes me feel worse. The past couple of mornings I have been woken up by my asthma. My sinuses are plugged and my chest hurts and feels tight. I can't get much of a breath. My breathing is loud and fast. I take my symbicort, ventolin, avamys, singulair and reactiine and eventually the attack subsides. My question is there any way that I can avoid these morning attacks or is it just a flair? I've been feeling out of breath again this afternoon. 


Earlier i felt out of breath and took two extra puffs of albuterol after having taken two puffs earlier in the day. I usually get a slight racing heart but it goes away quickly. I had a couple of sips of diet coke but not too much. Today, my heart rate went up to 115 and my blood pressure went up to 127/92. I had chest pain and tingling in my arm and hand. Eventually with relaxation and some water my heart rate and blood pressure are starting to go back down. Is it common to suddenly have this type of reaction to albuterol after never having it before? I have high blood pressure and take diltiazem and ramipril for it. Whenever it seems I have my asthma under control I eventually eventually start having flare ups. Today, I was fine under I walked to get a veggie burger and fries. It's very humid out and as soon as I went outside again I felt really short of breath even while waiting for the walk light so I used my inhaler which didn't really help too much. I walked around a grocery store and a few things nothing really heavy. To get to my apartment building I have to walk up a slight hill which only made me feel even worse as if there's a weight on my chest. I used my symbicort a few minutes earlier hoping it would help but so far it hasn't helped much. I'm scared to use ventolin(albuterol) again because the last time I didn't space the extra doses apart I experienced chest pain and a very fast heart rate. I'm not sure if it was related to the ventolin or not since another time I had two dosages within half an hour of each other and never had the same symptoms.I don't have a nebulizer. Maybe I'll wait a little longer and try my ventolin(albuterol) if I still feel this weight on my chest. It's harder to breathe with this pressure. Is guaifenesin the only thing that can help get rid of mucus? Neti pots just dry out my sinuses more. I already use avamys corticosteroid nasal spray. I still need to get the proper size mask for my nebulizer and a prescription for the medication that goes in it. My nebulizer is one that was given to me. I need to get a letter from my family doctor and the prescription. Without the letter insurance won't cover 90% of the cost. I took a hot shower but that doesn't seem to have helped much. For the past three days I've been having a really bad asthma flare up. I think it's from my allergies. I have saline that I use in my nebulizer but I think that I will need medication for it. I'm going to follow my asthma action plan and double my medications. I don't have refills left but if I need to I can get a month's supply of them at my pharmacy without the refills. My family doctor's office has been closed since Thursday and isn't open again until Monday. I used my nebulizer twice a day yesterday and may have to use it more today. Ihope that it's not hard to get an appointment with my family doctor. I get a lot of chest congestion and tightness. I don't have anything like mucinex. Just the expectorant syrup with cough control. 