I'm new here and suffering. Looking for some advice really Hey my name is Lisa and I'm from Birmingham.I got diagnosed with asthma about 9 years ago, as I was constantly having chest infection and finding it difficult to breathe at times. I have had my asthma kind of controlled with the initial flair ups at times. Basically I quit smoking last year, and since then my allergies and asthma has gotten worse. First thing is my sense of smell has hightened, Which has caused alot of problems, I cannot now use any air freshers, no plug in candles and I have to ask my hubby and kids to when they spray there deodorant To do it outside because the smell is far to strong for me to handle, it causes my chest to go tight and I really start to struggle, even had to stop using certain washing softners because I couldn't stand the strong smell. It's become very hard for me to adapt really. With my asthma playing up big time I went to the Doctors and got put on various different antihistamines, now I'm on fexofenadine and also being given montelukast. Which I have to take daily, I have now for the last 3 months being having broken nights sleep due to me waking up feeling like I can't breathe, I'm literally fast asleep and then the next thing I'm jumping out of bed fighting to get myself to catch my breath to breathe properly, I have being to the Doctors about this and sometimes I have woken up coughing trying to get my breath, the doctor has put it down to mild asthma attacks which I find really confusing. He told me to raise my pillows and to see how I get on.I still get this happen at least 4 times if not more a month I'm not sure what to do I'm so confused. My asthma seems ok for a few days and then it plays up again plus I seem to suffer with Costochondritis at least twice a month to which causes alot of pain and discomfort. I'm at my wits end and had enough of this, it's totally affecting my everyday life im ill more than I am healthy it's so depressing. Does anyone have any advice they can give me please I'm desperate x