Hello, I have been suffering from a severe case of shortness of breath and excessive "mucus feeling" in my lungs for 9+ months. I have visited every single hospital, pulmonologist, physician, clinic, etc. and they all have concluded that it is classical asthma. Well here is the interesting part, despite my nebulizer treatments, inhaled steroids, oral steroids, nasal sprays, etc. I have yet to find any consistent relief. My Pulmonary Function Tests results are 60% FEV1 before AND after treatment. Yes that is right, my results did not go up nor down after doing a nebulizer treatment despite all my other medications that I am taking. The only "asthma" marker I have is that my IGE levels are slightly elevated (around 350) which is considered mild asthma. However I never sneeze, itch, and / or have watery / red eyes. So now you are thinking it may be Vocal Cord Dysfunction? Wrong! I have had that checked out and it has been ruled out. Supposedly people who have VCD have normal FEV1 despite not being able to "breathe". So WTF is this then? P.S. I have been having chest infections every 1-2 months for the past 3 months now consistently. Doctor says it is not Cystic Fibrosis yet will not perform any tests. I am a 23 year old male that is slightly overweight. Any advice will be greatly appreciated. Can someone shine some light on this issue for me please! I was recently put on several strong asthma medications and my peaks flow / pulse ox have improved substantially. Before my pulse ox would hover around 95% and my peak flow was 450. Now my pulse ox is 98% and my peak flow is 600+ but I can't breathe! I feel like I am breathing through mucus filled straw. The only relief I have been able to find is through a cup of hot blackcoffee and even then the relief is very minimal and temporary. I have been to multiple Emergency Rooms / Doctors and none of them are willing to offer me any help since my "numbers" are good. I feel like I am drowning slowly and painfully. I have tried all the expectorants that are available OTC and none of them help. I will try and convince my doctor to let me try Mucomyst. I understand the risks but I feel that benefits will outweigh the risks. Any advice will be greatly appreciated... 





Hello, I have been experiencing shortness of breath, chest pain, and a feeling that something is obstructing my airways for several days now but my peak flow is readinggreen (my personal best) and I am not wheezing. From my experience your peak flow is usually 50% of your personal best during an asthma attack. So what exactly could be causing these issues and how do I resolve them? I have been using my inhaler / nebulizer religiously hoping that it was help open my airways but I am getting very little to no result. I don't want to go to the ER because I know they will just have me blow into the Peak Flow, tell me I am fine, and send me home. Any advice will be greatly appreciated, thank you! 






Please read but excuse this rant because I am very upset right now. A few days ago I went to the ER because I had trouble breathing and the doctors did a X Ray and told me I had pneumonia and I needed to immediately take antibiotics. I am very sensitive to antibiotics so I decided to go and get a second opinion from another ER a day later. When I arrived they did a chest X Ray and said my lungs were clear, it is just bronchitis, and there is no need to take antibiotics.. So here is my dilema, do I listen to doctor A and take antibiotics which will mess me up for months or do I listen to doctor B and tough it out. I am so upset because neither doctors took any sputum (phlegm) tests and / or blood tests. Just a simple X Ray, 2 nebulizer treatments, and sent me home. Correctly if I am wrong but is our emergency medical system only good when your on the verge of death? Anyone have any idea on what I should do next? 