So, a month ago (or two weeks? I don't know how time passes so fast anymore), I had a mild respiratory infection. I did two rounds of antibiotics and my mild low grade fever went away. I felt better. However, I am still coughing. My doctor called in extra Dulera (corticosteroid) to take twice daily versus once daily before. I have been coughing daily though. I am out of shape and have been trying to do extra walking each day but any more than that and I cough a lot more. Anyone have allergic AND exercise induced asthma with cough? I usually have this cough for 3-6 months out of the year. Everyone thinks I'm sick at work all the time, I would really love to get rid of this thing!! Anyone else have this too? 


So,I live in California and we are usually warm here. The recent cold weather has given me a spike in asthma attacks. The one on Christmas Eve almost sent me to the ER. I have been having anxiety attacks and shortness of breath. I am noticing I am having trouble exhaling when the attacks come on. I am not used to this. I can inhale then towards the end of the exhale I struggle. It hurts. I am doing my nebulizer 1-2 times a day and taking my Dulera 1x a day, Singulair 1x a day and albuterol daily as well as an OTC allergy pill. I am taking allergy shots too and am in the concentrate serum stage. I am worried my asthma is getting worse and maybe causing permanent damage. I get winded very easily and am not in that terrible of shape (Not that great either but...) I have been limiting my movement and exposure to outside air but this week have been gaining weight. What can I do to get my lungs healthy again. This recent exacerbation has been bad but mostly in the AM and PM. Mid day is fine.I posted this on the other forums too. I am desperate for correct information! Ok, I've had a candida(fungal) skin infection for 4 months now. First doctor I went to said it was stress (dermatologist of all things) so I ignored it. Second doctor (allergist) told me to keep it moist and it got worse. Third and fourth doctor said candida/ fungal. I'm on my second round of meds and creme. (Diflucan and nystatin with steroid) It is better but not gone. I am on a 2 day treatment and while its getting better its not gone and I.have a gut feeling it will come back at the end of the 20 day treatment. Plus it started to spread to other areas. It seems suppressed but not gone. I am desparate to get rid of this thing! Help! What do I do next?? I am doing laundry constantly to make sure I get rid of it. But I don't know if its enough. I got it because of antibiotic use...and my body is inflamed and in reaction mode. I am desperate to get rid of this asap!!! I posted this to Anxiety and GERD forum but wanted to post here too I just found out I have a lot of stomach problems (Iknew Ihad them Ijust found out what they were) and my dad was in the hospital and just came back. I am in school and work full time. I have several other random healthproblems, eye problems, weird rash that won't go away. Anyhow, I got a call from a job I had applied for before and they want to interview me. I want to but I am so anxious now after I got this phone call that I am always feeling the anxiety now. I don't know if this is me not wanting the job or if its me being anxious and it will pass. My biggest fear is the transition of healthcare with all these issues I have. Their health insurance costs waaay more than mine right now and I'm anxious about asking for more pay to make up for it. Basically I'm anxious about everything Hello! I have asthma and what goes with it usually....allergies! I am allergic to most everything. Recently and it has happened in the past, I get a rash under my boobs and on top. It itches to the point of pain and sometimes I get white bumps underneath. Last year I thought I figured out what it was, because it happened everytime I used my VS bra (damn thing was $43), anyhow I threw the bra out. Now I use cotton and wash EVERYTHING in All free and clear, no perfume, dyes or anything. I rinse everything well and wash items frequently. Anyone else have this? Also annually around this time of year I get eczema on the palms of my hands that require a steroid cream. I have no clue what I could be allergic to at this point. I got rid of a bunch of expensive bras that I knew were if not causing the problem, making it worse. So now, I have my cotton ones and no clue what to do now. I also get UTI's quite frequently...not sure if this is all related or just happens at the same time. I have other weird symptoms but will make another post since it's unrelated to this. Just when my asthma came under control, I now have this painful thing going on! Ahhh! Any tips or advice?? I know, chest pain and everyone immediately says "go to ER". But I have had this chest pain before, and I have no idea where it comes from. I don't know if it's related to all the other symptoms on my other OT post but I get it once a year or so. Its right under the breasts by the center of the chest...below the sternum. It's like a strain pain of some sort...and sometimes it's throbbing others its gone then it comes back. Not sure if this is related to asthma, but I feel like all of the weird symptoms and infections allergies and things we get are all related to the asthma and the immunity issues it causes. Anyone also have this?? If so, did you find out what it was? How did you get rid of it? Thanks!!! Hello All! its happyness day so I'm trying to stay positive. My asthma cougn has been progressively getting worse and happening daily. I got Medrol (steroid) from the doctor yesterday because he didn't like my lack of progress from the last visit last week. I felt amazing this morning! No cough, no asthma! But this evening is another story. I have been stuffed up in the nose and have a deep throaty cough. Mostly unproductive and what does come up is clear (sorry if TMI) so no infection. Deep wheezy cough. Anyone have ideas besides bronchitis? Also I've been freaking myself out by googling airway remodeling and I'm afraid all these months of coughing will cause scar tissue to build up and this cough will be permanent! Love this group! Thank you for reading! Hey everyone. I have had an asthma cough for about 2 months now. I went to my pulmonologist and he checked me out and said I was clear of an infection and it was likely my allergies but to call if it persists. What I want to know is if anyone can tell me how they tell the difference between their asthma cough or an upcoming respiratory infection? I used to get a cough often that would last up to 6 months. The doctor would prescribe antibiotics and it would help then a week later, cough cough cough. This time it is a milder cough, but persistent. I am worried about how they can tell if it is an infection or not. I have a family member at home with COPD so I can't get them sick. I also don't want to overuse antibiotics. How do I know what to ask of my doctor? Hi All: After being gone for maybe a week or two, my asthma cough is back again with a vengeance. It is a deep sometimes dry cough but sometimes not. It hurts to breathe in (sharp feeling) and it goes away (like now it is sore to breathe in but not sharp like earlier this evening). Does anyone else get this sharp feeling? What was it? Could it be bronchitis? Or is it just allergies again? I am at the point where I can't tell when its allergies or not and I am so sick of going to the doctor every other week. Has anyone had this yearly cough that lasts and keeps coming back? 