I used to smoke a lot of cigarettes and cannabis. Well, I quit the smokes after two or three years and took a little longer to quit the weed. By then, however, it was too late. For a few years now, I’ve had pain in my lungs and shortness of breath. The pain started as a dull ache and has gotten sharper as time goes on. It feels like there’s a stiffness preventing me from taking a really deep breath, and it hurts worse when I try. The pain can flare up in different parts of my chest and back. I went to a local low income clinic a few years back because it was starting to affect my quality of life (riding a bike is a strenuous exercise; even going up a slight incline will leaveme breathless and with heart pounding). They took x-rays and concluded that there was some minor scarring, but nothing to really worry about. Breathing tests were inconclusive because I couldn’t exhale for as long as they required me to. So I was given an Albuterolinhaler to use before I attempted exercise. It didn’t make any difference that I noticed. A year or two after that, I decided to bite the bullet and see a specialist. This guy took an x-ray and said there was no scarring and that the previous x-rays were misinterpreted. I also took two breathing tests, one simple inhaling and exhaling, and the other exercising on a stationary bike. The first test came back and said I had 100% lung capacity, and the second led the pulmonologist to conclude that I had exercise-induced asthma. I was prescribedmontelukast (Singulair) and Dulera. Well, recently, my breathing has gotten worse and more painful, and after looking at some of the side effects to Dulera online, I’ve quit taking it. I’m still taking the montelukast, but it doesn’t seem to make any difference. I’m currently trying to apply for financial assistance to help pay off the tests they conducted, as I have no medical insurance at the moment. I was wondering if anyone else had had similar symptoms, or has any suggestions as to what to do next, seeing as I can’t afford further care at the moment. 