Constant coughing Has anyone got any tips on dealing with a constant dry cough?I've had a bit of an ordeal with my 9 year old son over the past two days. He has mild asthma, we've had sketchy advice about how to deal with it, one nurse suggested it might not even be asthma. He's on ventolin and clenil but we stopped the clenil a couple of weeks ago as the local asthma nurse said if he's doing ok we can stop it and see how he is.Last week he had a bit of a cold, nothing too bad, missed one day of school because of a very runny nose. Yesterday he woke up coughing and just didn't stop coughing. He couldn't speak or move without coughing, he was feeling dizzy, breathless and had stomach ache. He coughed for two hours solid, I couldn't get him a GP appointment until late afternoon so I took him to A&E.The hospital said his obs were good, oxygen was 99, temperature was normal, chest sounded clear. They gave him a nebuliser and sent him home. He barely coughed for the rest of the day. The doctor told us if it happened again to use his ventolin inhaler and spacer 10 times with 10 breaths in between each puff.This morning he woke up coughing again and literally couldn't stop coughing. I did his inhalers but they didn't help so I phoned NHS 111 and they called an ambulance. The ambulance crew said it just sounded like a dry cough, so did the doctor at the hospital. His obs were good so they said it wasn't asthma. They gave him a nebuliser which helped for 90 minutes, then he started coughing again. The doctor discharged him and said use a humidifier and give him cough medicine.We went home, had lunch but the coughing got worse again, he literally couldn't stop coughing and he was getting quite upset about it. I called the helpline and they said to call an ambulance and ask for steroids. The ambulance crew were reluctant to take him in because his obs were fine, good oxygen sats, clear chest, no fever. His peak flow wasn't great but it improved after they gave him a nebuliser which once again helped him. The doctor thought it was a virus but he agreed to prescribe the steroids and he gave my son a three day course of prednisolone. He also said to give him an antihistamine in case he's allergic to something.My son is still coughing all the time, I am so worried about him. He's feeling dizzy and very poorly, and he is absolutely exhausted. I don't know what I can do for him and he's so upset.