Hello, I am having an awful exacerbation of something and I could really use some input from those who have dealt with asthma for awhile. I have had wheezing off an on for the past several years. I have attributed it to adult onset asthma and allergies. It comes and goes and I start and stop mometasone that was prescribed for me some time ago, I have never had any diagnostic tests for this. Well the wheezing had started up again 3 months or so ago. Nothing horrible, but I could hear the alveoli popping when I breathed out occasionally etc. This past weekend it began to get alot worse. My kids had been sick so I suspected that was why, that I was coming down with whatever they had. But by Sunday I felt really bad, was wheezing a lot. I went to the ER since it was Sunday and they said most of the wheezing was upper airway, they gave me two duo nebs back to back with little results, so the doctor put me on prednisone. I have never been on it before and was really worried about the side effects. I was doing albuterol inhaler also as well has started up the combivent inhaler I have had from a long time ago. But none of it was helping! By Monday morning, it had spread to my lower lungs and the wheezing was really bad. I went to the doctor today and she did a PFT in the office. I had some improvement after the albuterol but let me tell you, trying not to cough while I was doing it was hell! She also did a chest xray but I don't know the results yet. She put down acute bronchitis with bronchospasm for the diagnoses and put me on a z pack. I am just confused. Why did I get worse after the prednisone? I also have not really had many of the side effects. I am not more hungry, I am able to sleep, I do NOT have more energy, I just feel awful from all the wheezing, The doctor also seemed really concerned that I have had this wheezing all this time and have never had any tests done. I have this irrational fear that the chest xray is going to show lung cancer or something scary.... irrational I know....... I am sorry I am rambling. But does anyone have any input? Thoughts? I am not sure where to go from here. I just want to feel better, but then I know I need to deal with the asthma. Hello All, I posted earlier about my recent asthma/bronchitis bout. But my question is aboutprednisone. I have been on it since Sunday and I am having weird side effects. I was expecting mood swings, hyper activity, feeling energetic. But instead I feel sluggish, drained and like my head is in a fog! I just took my kids to the grocery store and felt like I had to struggle to keep my wits about me, what I was doing there and what my goal was. Has anyone else had this? Of course I am on a Z pack for bronchitis and taking combivent also which is all new to me, so I guess it could be one of those that is doing this to me. But I just feel lost! I am on theprednisone for another week or so. How can I function like this? 