still fighting after a long asthma flare! hospitalized 9/4/13-9/6/13 for IV steroids, Mag sulfate and NEBS! Feeling better as I was weaning my prednisone until wednesday night, very tight. Started increasing prednisone again until yesterday. Stopped at 60mg. Feeling better tonight but boy is my body tired! I did start Cromolyn via neb twice daily 3 days ago to reduce inflammation. Anyone have any luck/ good or bad with Cromolyn? I am hoping it will help. I am becoming more sensitive as I get older to strong smells/paint/strong cleaners. Sets me into an instant asthma attack. Thanks for any info you can share. Carol Hi Everyone: I am new to this forum. I am a 42 yo female with predominantly allergic asthma. I have had exercised-induced asthma since early childhood. Since turning "40", my allergic asthma living in the Northeast has been a problem. It interferes with my daily life, to say the least! I have trialed many asthma prevention meds. I am now on Flonase (yes, I have environmental allergies also) and symbicort. I have been hospitalized with moderate /severe asthma attacks about 3-4 times each year for IV steroids and large amounts ofAlbuterol. My "worse times of the year" seem to be early pollen season (April/May/June), September (ragweed) with an occasional cold thrown in the mix. Starting prednisone before I "nosedive" sometimes is not even quick enough. For some "prevention", I have begun allergy injections approx. 7 months ago. Not seeing a whole amount of help yet, but I am aware this is a process that can take "years". I am patient if it helps me in the long run. After being hospitalized, yet again, earlier this month I decided to revisit and investigate the "process" of beginning xolair injections. My Ige level needed to be drawn again for a start. Not bad. It came back in the 300's. Ok , with my weight (which is getting lower but not ideal: whose IS!) that means I qualify for 2 injections sc in my arms every 2 weeks. After completion of paperwork at my allergist office, we wait for approval through my insurance company. Within 1 week my insurance company decided (such smart people) that xolair is an appropriate action given my history; (when one is in the hospital enough times, I bet it is an easy decision.:)) So, once I pay my copay for the med itself, my trusty med is on its way to my allergist. They will arrange how and when it is to be given and observation after the injections are given. I continue to do my "homework", engulfing any and all info that can be found via internet. Ok, now fastforward to this evening. My peakflows are normal, I am on tapering doses of prednsione since my last exacerbation. I CAN BREATHE!!!! Anyone who has any breathing problem can attest to "just being able to breathe in and out"! Tomorrow as my older son is working and my younger son is supporting a dear friend at a difficult time, I will be waiting in my allergist office for my 1st 2 xolair injections....yes, I am nervous. NO! Not because the injections may be painful, but because there are some possible side effects I would rather not happen. So, a long night tonight. But I am grateful I can breathe first of all, and second that I have INSURANCE to help pay for this expensive med (about $2500 a month), just to start. I hope "this is the start of something good!!" :) I hope to keep posting updates as life goes on and look forward to interacting with everyone on this forum! Hugs and best wishes, thelmanlouise :) 



I work in a small office and I am so upset this afternoon!!! Thank you in advance for letting me vent. I strongly dislike when staff come in sick, especially a few days before My husband and Ileave on our 1st vacation in 23 YEARS! Thinking only about themselves! Yesterday, started an asthma flare and started prednisone today. I talked to my pulmo doc and he will also give me an antibiotic to take with me. Now, I will definitely take my prednisone, albuterol, duonebs, and nebulizer with me. Carol 