Pharmacy followup phone call & Is it still considered 'mild' asthma? I have just been prescribed Flutiform 125, 2 puffs twice a day as my asthma wasn't sufficiently controlled on the preventer alone (previously 400mcg-800mcg per day of Qvar for the last 3 months or so). We discussed the results of my reversibility testing previously done and also my peak flow readings and then had a discussion regarding which meds I should try next at which strength then what the progression might be if things are still not as good as they should be - all in all a very thorough discussion . I have arranged to either go back or have a follow-up phone consultation in a month to see how I am and if there is any improvement in my symptoms. When I got the prescription from the pharmacy I had the usual questions of have you used an inhaler before, etc. to which I said yes I have had quite a few different ones now including steriods but have not had this particular one. She then said they wanted to call me in a week to see how I was getting on with it to which I asked why as I had already arrranged to have a follow-up with my asthma nurse. I declined her offer as I prefer to speak to the asthma nurse who I have been building a good relationship with and who understands my symptoms rather than explaining everything to a second person who has no access to my medical records - it just seemed a bit odd to me. Has anyone else had this? Is it useful to have this or not?Also, I had assumed that I just had mild asthma as I haven't been hospitalised and have only just recently been diagnosed as an adult, although I have had some pretty scary incidents but my reliever has worked well, sometimes requiring a few more puffs though. I've also not really had any symptom free days since long before diagnosis so taking my reliever at least once every day, it has impacted my activity and routine a lot of the time and I don't recall sleeping through the night since the start of the year. I have read that Qvar is quite a strong med (especially at 800mcg per day) and flutiform 125 is generally more for severe / persistant uncontrolled asthma. I was wondering which category my asthma 'fits in to' - should I be worried that it is more serious than I first thought?