Unhappy with asthma specialist Diagnosis without evidence? Hi, my now 9 yr old daughter was having some trouble breathing, and said she felt like she was being stabbed with pins in the chest. I took her to the doctor, obviously, and was told he wanted to check her out for asthma, so he sent me to the practice asthma specialist, for a spirometry test. We waited 6 weeks for the appointment, only for her to decide not to do the spirometry test, and instead she did a single peak flow test. She "scored" a 240, which is higher than the predicted score of 233 for her age and height etc. The specialist then declared, "There's absolutely no sign of asthma, so we'll send you home with a peak flow meter and I'll organise a prescription for an inhaler." I was a quite shocked she would do this even though there was no sign of asthma. I asked, "If it's not asthma, how do we go about looking into what else it could be?" She said to go home and take the peak flow readings several times a day for two weeks, and to take the inhaler minimum 4 times a day for a month, then go back and see her. If it's not asthma, she will then refer me back to the doctor, who might want to refer us to a paediatrician.I feel she's just made up her mind that it is asthma, despite there being no sign of it, and I'm upset that we waited 6 weeks for a peak flow meter reading to be taken. Why did we not get the spirometry test that the doc wanted done? I'm also concerned that my daughter has been given medicine she most likely does not need. Is it dangerous to allow her to take the inhaler if no asthma is present? And what if the actual problem gets worse in the meantime? My daughter goes very pale and gets dizzy during these "episodes" where she says breathing hurts - it's not that she can't breathe, it just hurts to do so, sharp pains, like she's being stabbed with lots of tiny little pins, she says. I'm concerend about it maybe being a heart issue, but how do I convince a doctor to look into that when it feels like they've made up their mind that asthma is the problem, despite the peak flow showing no evidence?My daughter has just had an "episode" after running up and down the stairs, right now, so she has done her peak flow meter reading while I'm typing this out, and got a 260. Surely if it was asthma induced the reading would go down?Can anyone advise me on any aspect of this? I' know I've got a lot of questions, and intend to head back to the doctor, but this week is hectic - I need to know if I need to cancel our plans and get her to the doc asap, or if it can wait 'til next week. I'm very anxious and concerned for her.