I posted a few days ago about being told that I have asthma about 4 years ago. I was really surprised, because the last time I'd had any breathing problems at all was around 1995. And at that time, I think I was told I had asthma, but only had problems when it was cold outside (lived in Wyoming at the time, often got VERY cold outside). and I worked outside. Fast forward to about 2 weeks ago. I started finding it difficult to get air into my lungs. My breathing was labored, even when just sitting, but trying to do any activity really winded me.I have a lot of other health conditions, and wondered if it had to do with any of them. Then I remembered I had asthma. My husband has COPD, but has a couple of albuterol inhalers. I know, you shouldn't use others' medications. But I did. I've been taking 2 puffs off it two or three times a day. I definitely feel a difference for a little while. My doctor is 2 hours away. I called and talked to his nurse. I explained to her that I had asthma, and it would be in my chart. I told her my symptoms, and how my husband'sinhaler helped. I asked her if she would please ask my doctor if he would call me in a script for an inhaler. I knew it was a long shot. I was thinking he might want to see me and examine me first, and I was absolutely not driving 2 hours to do that. His nurse said she honestly didn't know what he'd say either, but she'd ask him. I called my pharmacy this morning, and sure as hell, he called in a script for me. My doctor and I have an awesome relationship. Our communication is very good. I know he realizes I am one of those people who really knows my body, and often have my own ideas about what might me wrong with me based on my symptoms. He knows I spend a lot of time on web sites like WebMD. It is nice to know he trusts my intuition about my breathing. I love my doc. Sadly, though, in May I'll be changing to a closer doctor. I just can't keep driving all that distance for appointments. The person I'm changing to is just 9 miles from me. I've seen her before, and she is wonderful too. But I feel lucky to have such a wonderful doctor. And I'm glad I'm feeling a little better. Hi everyone, I was told a year ago after having one of those pulmonary tests that I have asthma. I was surprised, because I don't feel as though anything has happened in over a decade that would I would consider to be a symptom of asthma. When my children were very young, 20 years ago, I had gone through some breathing problems, and a doctor did tell me I had asthma. I was living in Wyoming at the time, and working outdoors a lot. I called it "cold weather asthma". And I was told once you have asthma, it doesn't go away. You always have it. I only had any symptoms for about 5 years after that, and since then, nothing. I do however have a lot of other health issues, such as fibromyalgia, irritable bowel syndrome, chronic fatigue syndrome, and a bunch of other stuff. I am also on a lot of medication for these various health issues. But no new medicines. I would have to say it's been going on for almost 2 weeks. I have found it difficult to get a good breath. I would almost say it feels like my muscles aren't able to do the job required to get the inhaled air deep enough into my lungs. In the meantime, I've been experiencing a lot of problems associated with my other illnesses that I have not experienced in a long time, one of them being fatigue, which I originally just blamed on the chronic fatigue syndrome. But it seems as though this could certainly contribute. I just had a pulse oximeter test about a week ago, and it was 98%, although it is usually 100%. Not sure if that 2% means anything, but doctor didn't seem concerned. I asked my doctor about my breathing issues, and he said it could be a result of any number of my illnesses, but listened to my lungs and told me they sounded just fine. I have an inhaler that I've never used. Would it be dangerous to take a puff off it if my breathing difficulties aren't due to my asthma? Any other thought or ideas? Nice to be here. 