a little backround: My name is steven I am 21 and i was diagnosed with asthma when I was 10! Other than that 1 time of being short of breathe I have had no other signs of having asthma! I was very active in sports such as baseball, basketball and skateboarding and never really had any problems. I started smoking when I was 15 and smoked up til about a month and half ago i never showed any signs of asthma other than sometimes needing my inhaler in the morning to clear some phlegm or when i got really sick. But about a month and a half ago i started to get some pretty bad flare ups where i couldn't breathe well and had a lot of wheezing. I decided to put a hold on any smoking till this passed (it never passed so i quit for good) I had never gone through something like that so i didn't know what to do I was hitting my rescue inhaler 2+ times every 2 hours. I thoughg maybe I was getting sick so I tried to muscle throught it till it passed. But it didn't so after a week of struggling to breathe I went to the emergency room (i do not have medical so i have no regular doctor wich is a huge problem in my life that i am trying to currently figure out with my work) where they gave me an ekg. they said my heart was good. They gave me a chest xray and that came back clear. So they gave me 3 breathing treatments and sent me home. I was feeling good and slept great after the breathing treatments. But when i woke I was unable to breathe and had a lot of mucus or phlegm in my troat so i tried coughing it out and next thing i know my heart started to beat super fast and I couldn't breathe at all like my lungs weren't taking in any air and my breathing was really fast and my inhaler would not work! I panicked and tried to go outside to get some cold air that didn't work I thought that I was literally going to die right there in my living room. I managed to call my wife and she called 911 but by the time they got there i was feeling normal again.I went back to the emergency room and they said it was a asthma attacked combined with a panic attack and i have never had either before. They never told what may be causing my breathing issues and I am scared that I will never get rid of this shortness of breathe and panic attacks and phlegm in my throat. Current condition. I think I may have gotten a bit better since all this although I am still short of breathe almost all the time and and have just recently gotten to the point where phlegm is in my throat almost all day and night. I still have the panic attack/ asthma attacks in the morning but not so much in the day. But now all I think about is my breathing whether im doing ok or doing bad all that is on my mind is, am i going to have an attack when am i going to start wheezing again. I am afraid to excercise or even lightly play sports or even to much strenuous movement. I feel like i am digging my own grave. So here are my questions to all of you: Will this pass ( i know i need to talk to real doctor and will as soon as i get medical) What foods and drinks should i stay away from? Is there anything i can do to better my breathing/ life? Is thinking about it to much causing my attacks? Is there anyway to get rid of phlegm in the throat ? Does anyone know what I am going through or been through this too? I thank you for taking the time to read this as it is very important to me to see what all you have to say and any advice you may have for me 