Hi All, New member here just looking for a little advice from people who have dealt with a similar situation. This past January I came down with the flu. I’d say it was the worst bout of flu I have experienced in years. It has brought on asthma symptoms (chest tightness, persistent dry cough, slight wheezing from time to time) that I haven’t been able to shake since mid January. I was diagnosed with asthma around four years old and I seemed to outgrow it by the time I reached my teenage years. Therefore, I was surprised when these symptoms came rushing back over a decade later. Since mid January I’ve seen a PCP, a pulmonologist, and an allergist more times than I care to admit. I had a lung function test done in the middle of February, it came back normal. I’ve had three chest x-rays done, all have come back normal. I’ve had a CBC done, also normal. The allergy skin testing I had done only revealed two new allergies (grass and ragweed). I already knew I was allergic to dust, dust mites, and mold. But before now these allergies never seemed to bother my breathing. I’m currently on Symbicort (2 puffs twice a day), Singulair, and albuterol as needed. I’ve been on Symbicort and Singulair for about a month. I’ve also tried Asmanex, Dulera, and Advair. Asmanex and Dulera made my cough worse. Advair didn’t feel like it was doing much of anything. And yet, I still feel the need to use my inhaler on a daily basis; sometimes multiple times a day. My cough, although significantly less frequent and deep is still here and my chest feels tight from time to time. I’ve invested in a peak flow meter and although my numbers have improved over the last month, they have never been below my predicted green zone. What puzzles me even further is I also seemed to have developed a stuffed up nose that will come and go throughout the day, itchy eyes, and a feeling of mucus collecting at the back of my throat. My questions are: Has anyone had their asthma / allergies appear after a bad viral illness? Did they go into remission? How long did it take? If your asthma and allergies persisted, how long did it take to get them under control? Thanks, D 