I am having so much trouble lately on too of going through a whole lot and having grief. I am taking albuterol every four hours right now because my doctors are trying to say "whose job" it is to prescribe my medicine rather than the fact that I can't breathe. I just recently lost my twin babies and can't deal with not being able to breathe on top of all this. I can't breathe and I'm having panic attacks as well with all these flashbacks of the day I lost. My asthma attacks are bad and I have bronchitis now and it's getting worse. I shouldn't have went outside yesterday as cold as it was. I can't breathe and my spiriva is not being covered with financial help. They won't refill my cromolyn and the pulmonologist I was going to see is no longer I network of my insurance. I tried to find another and it's a three and a half week wait to get in. I tried to tell them my situation is urgent and they don't care. Part of me doesn't want to pay 300 dollars I don't have to go to a place like that. I am treated like I don't matter and told to go to the er every freaking day. I can't afford that and all they give you is antibiotics and albuterol not any preventatives because that's the doctors jobs. My family doctor says they "can't" prescribe me any preventatives because they "already released me to the care of a specialist so can't see me anymore for asthma" which is absolute crap. I can't breathe, my babies I hoped for so much are gone, and the one thing that was helping with my asthma is not being given to me. I'm going through so much torture right now because I needed that medicine and I'm in a rough emotional state which does not help my asthma. It is out of control and no medicine is helping me with that andcounseling makes my emotional state worse. I'm going through such a rough time and I don't know how to prevent asthma attacks without that. I have so many medication allergies it is hard to find ones that help. I finally get one that does with my other medicines and this happens. I don't know what to do. I can't live without air. I have severe asthma and have a rare allergy to all the corticosteroid inhalers and to steroids (all causing even WORSE trouble breathing when taken. Has anyone else had issues is severe asthma getting worse during pregnancy? It's very hard lately, and I am advised to stay On My medicines because of a severe attack I had that nearly wasn't stopped. This is a twin pregnancy and I'm very sick lately and high risk with lots of health issues and many complications. I have to be on cromolyn and spiriva now even though they aren't typically recommended and I've been advised they are needed and that any benefits far outweigh the risks having severe asthma. I'm also on singulair, Zyrtec, andmagnesium. I don't know if there are any natural things I can take to help me out so I don't need to add a long acting bronchodilator to the mix because if that doesn't work, it could be the next step. I'm very sick now and this helps a little (the medication regimine I'm on), but I'm still getting out of breath lately. I was wondering if anyone has tried a vitamin or something safe that actually worked for them. 


I have asthma that gets really bad, and I've been having trouble breathing a lot lately. I can't stop my attacks once they get to a certain point, and then my oxygen level will drop quite a bit. They just get stronger, and sometimes multiple doses of albuterol or Xopenexare required. I'm having serious GI issues and have a thickening in the lining of my colon. They need to do a colonoscopy and a colon biopsy to find out what's going on but can't because of my asthma. I am very prone to infections and have a rare allergy to most steroids. I have been diagnosed with severe bronchitis and pleurisy. I am still not over it, and it's been over a week and a half. I am on Xopenex breathing treatments, and this is basically what's keeping me alive at this point. I'm really scared at this point what could be wrong with my colon, and I've been through so much within the last year with an RA diagnosis, migraines, blood sugar issues, lots of serious asthma attacks, and much more. I also have severe problems with getting sick very easily and picking up infections I have trouble getting over a lot. I have a very bad immune system that is too busy attack my body because of the RA, so it won't attack things it needs to like viruses and bacteria. My health is very bad for my age, and I have a lot of trouble fitting in per say with people who are very close to my age. I've had GI issues since I was 12 years old with getting recurrent bowel impactions a lot. I'm worried about the real possibility of having diverticulitis or colon cancer. Diverticulitis runs in my family rampantly, and lots of surgeries come with that. I don't know how I would survive something like a major surgery like that with the breathing problems I have. I had pleurisy for months after just my laproscopic gallbladder surgery. I'm terrified at this point, and it's hard to keep it together. I know that's bad for my asthma, but I'm in a lot of pain and am dealing with a lot of serious issues I can't get answers from. To top it all off, my GI medication has not worked in over a day, and I'm on a lot of medicine for it. This can mean something very dangerous for me. It is also very painful to eat, which isn't a good sign either. I can't get the test because my asthma is so bad I can't be put under anesthesia unless I absolutely have to get major emergency surgery for something. The doctors are acting like this is my fault and wont help me very much. They just are like, "Well, without the test being done, we can't tell you what's wrong." I'm going through so much, and it's so hard to be forced to stay calm through all this. I can't take half my medicines for any of my other health condition right now, and pain medication is out of the question for people with bowel issues. I just feel like I've been so sick for so long, and no doctor is listening to me anymore. I call the specialist, they say go to immediate care because I have a fever. Immediate care will say go to the ER, and the ER will do nothing half the time or get very little accomplished because I'm someone with multiple health problems, and they "have to" treat problems, even ones that can be serious, on a "one at a time basis". They have downright ignored other serious health problems because of my asthma or even ignored my asthma because of other health problems. It's just sad and frustrating, and I'm getting nowhere. I'm in over my head in debt with emergency room bills even though I have insurance. I just don't know how to keep calm through all these hard times because if I don't, the asthma will get worse. Emotional upset can be a big trigger for asthma attacks and coughing (which is severely painful now). I'm just worried about all this.


I keep having asthma attacks, and I was diagnosed with pleurisy and bronchitis about a week ago. I was given antibiotics (I am allergic to steroids as they cause me even more trouble breathing), and they are supposed to stay in your system for 10 days. I am worried because if I get a severe attack, I might not be able to stop it, and we are under a winter weather advisory, so I can't get out to go anywhere. So far, I've been stopping the attack as soon as I start feeling tightness in my chest. I've already had one that took several doses ofalbuterol to stop it. I usually use Xopenex, but I'm running low on it. I am limited in what medications I can take, and it's really upsetting me because I'm having trouble with arm twitches and am on crutches for a sprained ankle. I got diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis a few weeks ago, and I'm only 29 years old. All of this doesn't help the situation. I have been put on Plaquenil for my RA to slow down the progression, and I have a very compromised immune system, so they don't want me on any others at this point. No one in my family understands this or takes this seriously enough. They think I keep running to the doctors for "no reason". I just don't know how to stop my asthma attacks from coming on like this. Are there any other ways to stop an attack? 


I was first diagnosed with asthma when I was 15 years old. My asthma is predominately only triggered by overdoing it while exercising, but when I get sick with even the slightest cold, it flares up to the point where it has been extremely serious and life threatening. I have passed out from lack of oxygen, and when the inhaler medications kicked in I awoke to a complete stranger shaking me and screaming "Are you okay?!" . Sometimes, I have to use the inhaler multiple times for it to work, and all my life, that's what doctors have told me to do because of how hard my attacks are to stop. Asthma has had a pretty hard effect on my life. I also have a lot of different health problems including chronic migraine, fibromyalgia, GI issues, and chronic pain problems, but this is the most serious one. My attacks are extremely hard to stop, and I have found out I am allergic to most steroids the hard way. I have been told I have a minor case of mitral valve prolapse which doesn't require me to take medicine but does require me to watch what medicines I take. My inhalers and the amount of breathing treatment I need to stop an attack is not an option, though if it gets that bad. Usually the albuterol inhaler causes more major heart palpitations than Xopenex, so I have a Xopenex inhaler. This is the only medicine I can take if I get a bad attack. My only preventative medicine is Singulair, which may or may not work when I get sick. Most doctors refuse to prescribe me any other preventatives, even for just the times I am sick. I have asked about a LABA inhaler, and I was told that they don't usually prescribe those at all now. Some doctors have even refused to see me because of my allergies and intolerances to steroids. Does anyone else have allergies and/or extreme intolerances to steroids? 

I have asthma, and once an attack comes on, it's often very hard to stop. I'm having trouble right now, and can't breathe very well. I took my Xopenex inhaler so many times during the night I can't count. This is pretty much all I am able to do as I am sensiticve to steroids and allerigic to most of them. I was at the ER last night for a lot of uncontrolled bleeding deemed probable endometriosis and prescribed Provera. Not only has my bleeding gotten worse, I'm having sudden problems with my asthma, which is scary. I have to catch my symptoems early because when I go into a full blown attack, it gets extremely hard to stop, and I have to take several breathing treatments at ER or immediate care to stop them as steroids often make mine worse. I can't take most corticosteriods/steroids and am extremely sensitive to the ones I can take, so that is a last resort for me. I'm definitely calling the doctor. I'm in a lot of pain right now and don't need my life threatened on top of it. 




