So the evil cold has decided to turn into the more evil asthma flare. Upped my Symbicortdosage as doc suggested, lots of albuterol, and today he decided to add a burst ofPrednisone -- I've got 5 days of 40 mg, then another 5 days of 20 mg, then off. I'd been given the Medrol dose pack in the past -- it started at 24 mg, then tapering by 4 mg a day...so this 40 mg is a bigger dose than I'd had in the past. It's only been about 6 hours since I took today's dose, and although I'm about ready to re-alphabetize the spice cabinet again and I know I won't be sleeping any time soon....for those who've done a burst of oral steroids, how soon did you start breathing like a human being again? My peak flows are still in the low 200s, and I am both so tired and steroid-wired. Ugh. So when I saw my pulmonologist this past week, he told me to start using a peak flow meter, and that I should aim, based on my various pulmonary function tests and spirometry, for a peak flow of 350. So I picked up the meter he prescribed, and can indeed, if I think about allllllll my birthday candles ;-) get to 345 at best, so he seems to have gotten the predicted "personal best" pretty much on target. I looked through the instructions, etc that came with the meter, and saw that generally, a person of my age and height should be able to blow about 432...but a little research with reputable sites shows that a PF reading of up to 80 less can still be normal for females....so by those standards, my best is still pretty much okay. But I wonder...this seems like my best lung volume is pretty smallish -- and I'm not teeny -- pretty tall and with a normal BMI. I used to play woodwinds in high school and college...so you'd think I know how to blow! An x-ray taken last winter showed hyperinflation (which was when I was going through the whole diagnosis stuff)...wonder if that is part of why I am so easily short of breath -- are these silly lungs sort of perpetually hyperinflated even with several months of dailySymbicort? I see by these charts and my reading that lung volumes naturally decrease with age, and that the hypothetical "typical" female who is expected to get a peak flow of 350 is an 85 year old who's about 10 inches shorter than me...so if I already breathe like a short octogenarian, what in the world will I be breathing when I AM an octogenarian...or am I just really efficient at breathing and have adorable petite lungs? Anybody got any wisdom about peak flow and lung volume? Guess a career as a professional balloon-blower-upper is out. (Too much Easter candy today perhaps...I get silly.) Do you take consistent peak flow readings? Do you find them helpful? So far, less than a week into this science project, my one reading in my yellow zone confirmed the feeling that I did indeed need my albuterol after walking in the pollen and smoke of a neighbor's spring bonfire. Hope everyone is having decent days. I'll keep charting my peak flows, researching andlearning, and bothering my poor doctor... 



...and I really hate going to doctors. This is a 3-month check in. Yes, I've written down my questions and confirmed the appointment. Yes, my pulmonologist is a good guy, and I'm certainly doing better than I was when we first met last winter...but I am so not a fan of hanging out in the little room with the crinkly paper. Or any other part of "going to the doctor." Just a grumble. I know I am fortunate to be able to access healthcare when I need it, that I do have a good, interested doctor, that I am able to take the sicktime off from work without getting in trouble. I know that he considers my treatment plan carefully, and the medications I have been using have been helpful. But errrrrggghh! I would prefer to NOT go. (And that's stating it very politely.) I'll go. It will be fine. If I'm lucky, I can talk him into clearing me for my favorite summer distraction: skydiving. Yes....jumping out of functional (nonpressurized, low O2) airplanes. Anybody else get the doctor heebie-geebies? Got tips to help me be chill and have a truly productive, nonfrustrated appointment? Hope people are having good days!Okay...subject pretty much says it all. My Symbicort has a dosage countdown on it, but theProventil does not. I looked through the patient leaflet, but it just said I should keep track of how many times I've used it. Ummm....in the midst of "crud -- I need my rescue inhaler!" I'm not really in countdown from 120 mode. I know in the pre-HFA days, one could float the canister, but now that apparently that is not accurate. So...how do you know when it's gone? I'd imagine there will still be propellant in the canister... I asked my doc how long the inhaler lasts, and he said the medicine in it is good for a year...not quite the question I was asking, I and I guess there's no average. I do have another inhaler for when this one truly is an empty...but what's the cue? Thanks.... 

My mom always called it "swallowing crooked" -- you know -- when you accidentally get a bit down the wrong pipe, and it makes you cough to clear your throat? Yeah...did that tonight, and it led to a really rough patch of a cough I could not stop...and on into a nasty asthma spell. Remember, I am still figuring out this whole "life with asthma" thing -- but has anybody else had this experience? Finally feels like the albuterol is winning over the cough...and I am breathing better...but that was strange and a little scary. 



So I'm still very much a newbie in this whole asthma thing, and still getting to know my doctor (my regular doc sent me to a pulmonologist). He's a nice guy and all, but rushed. After getting test results back, he started me on Symbicort 160, which seemed to help. I still had some issues with the extremely cold weather and when I was ill, but more better days. When I saw him after a month of taking this, he did an in-office spirometry test, said it looked good (hooray!) and said to cut my Symbicort dosage in half -- still twice a day, but only one puff at a time, instead of 2. He said his goal is to get me off controller meds, and just start using a peak flow meter (he's not having me use one at this point) and rescue meds as needed. I'm curious if others have been able to reduce or eliminate daily meds. I'm still learningabout triggers for me (had a TERRIFYING attack that seemed to be triggered by laughing -- anybody else laugh their way into an asthma attack?). I don't go back to see him until April, at which time he says he'll make a decision about eliminating the Symbicort. Kinda makes me nervous...but again, I'm new at all this.... 


So in November I had pneumonia, which was a resistant little beastie, and it threw me in the hospital for a few days. Weeks later, I was still very short of breath, so my primary doc sent me to a pulmonologist. PFTs were normal, but he decided to do a methacholine challenge, which I flunked with flying colors, leading to the asthma diagnosis. Right now, trying Symbicort, which seems to be helping...but hard to be sure yet, as (of course) right after starting the meds, I caught a horrible cold and am still working my way back from that.I'll be 49 on Monday. Always been one of those generally healthy folks. I teach germy little kids, so of course they share their cruds with me, but I would always get over them. Now, all of a sudden the pneumonia stuck with me over a month, and this cold is making it darn near impossible to function. The albuterol helps...don't like using it this much, but I figure it's just until my lungs cheer up from the cold. I miss breathing...and being able to climb a flight of stairs without having to factor in time to pause at the top... I am hopeful this is just a flare with being sick, and that the Symbicort is going to really help keep things under control. Fingers crossed. Anybody else diagnosed as an adult? My daughter (now grown) was diagnosed w/asthma as a toddler, and still requires daily meds. My doc said what I've always considered occasional bronchitis (back to those germy kids...) may actually be asthma-related, and I do have seasonal allergies (although my IgE test came back okay). It just seems I went from pre-pneumonia fine to busted lungs, and suddenly am finding that it doesn't take much for my breathing to go to heck. The chest x-ray that was supposed to say, "yay - pneumonia is all gone - now back to your real life" showed pneumonia was all gone...but that my lungs were hyperinflated and diaphragm flattened (and no, I'm not, and have never been a smoker). Can asthma go from mild (or nothing) to pretty intense? Anybody got a story to share? I have been traveling, all sorts of altitudes, and storm fronts, which according to the allergist is the only thing he can think I react to...and two days ago i was in a house with a ton of dust. (an aunt died and we had to go to help close it up) anyway, My asthma is usually not started with coughing, mine has been my throat closing...so my lungs feel bothered, but my throat feels irritated (not sore throat kind)...and today I felt like I had less air...not much but somewhat...my testing thing broke in the car ride home yesterday. so today i started my prednisone routine...4 10mg...tapering down. do you think I am over reacting? or better safe than sorry? Thanks for imput. I am pretty new at this (december hospital trips) 



I never had asthma until my family and I moved to the midwest...16 years ago. Daughter and I both got seasonal allergies and her asthma was far worse than mine. Now, she has moved down south, hardly any asthma problems at all in years! Meanwhile, I have had lactose sensitivity for 20, but in the last 10 added exposure to inks from the sunday paper, etc...and in the last year until the last two months I went from one allergic sudden onset a month...unknown why...to now more than one a week...it begins with the sneezing, itchy eyes, coughing, then my face starts to itch, eyes swell...and I use the inhaler, take a couple of antihistamines and cold compresses.. I am going to an allergist for testing. I tried keeping track of food, exposure to animals (I have two and volunteer twice a week at the spca) and all that is inconclusive... SO, I am wondering, have any of you had sudden increases in allergies? Do you think this could be my immune system getting more fussy than it already is? I will let you all know what the allergist says, and the feedback from my dr. So, anyone had this happen to them? 


Currently it is up from 8 below zero to 10 degrees. And I have found that with the heat on, and the dry cold air....that I have been letting myself get totally dehydrated. I drink a coffee in the morning, a drink of water(16 oz) at lunch and dinner, and a couple of cups of tea during the day. NOT enough. Even a glass of water by my bedside. today, I felt horrible. Second time in about a week...and last time I felt this way, I had a glass of water, I realized I was terribly thirsty. Drank 4 8 oz glasses...no more feeling like I wasn't breathing quite deeply enough. today, One 16 oz glass before it got quite as bad.... I need a reminder to drink more water. You might too. Be well. 




