I haven't posted all summer, just fighting sinus infections, and working a ton. tired. My husband had to rush me to the er last night, after I realized I couldn't get out of trouble with my asthma attack. 86% oxygen, wheeled in. tears streeming down my face with no reason. They took care of me so well. I am so grateful to my husband and the doctor, pa, nurses and respatory therapists. Oh goodness. To breathe. All from this stupid sinus thing. I have had three bouts of antibiotics this summer since July. The er doc says it must now be benine (spelling) and the pregnisone will open it up to drain. it is. gross....but soooo grateful. Breathing. I did my yoga breathing to try to stay calm and use the inhaler, even in the bed, sat in ayoga pose. when I finished the first treatment I said to the woman- "hit me again, bartender". My hubby said, "oh she is starting to feel better." on massive doses for 5 days. this let me see what I have been on the other side of with my daughter all those years ago. I have never had this acute an attack. We have done ambulances from this hospital to a specialty one for her in blizzards. she moved away from ohio, and no more asthma. Anyway, it makes me rethink where we will relocate to, I want to stay nearer to a hospital than out in the boonies after this! Today, my husband is away, and I unthinkingly opened up all the mail, including the glossy 4 page mag from a church...and I started reacting to the ink. It happens sometimes, but this was pretty quick. I threw the paper away in the garage, took an antihistimine, and a decongestant, did a nebulizer, drank hot tea, then a cold drink. the itching of my eyes wasn't getting better and I felt my throat get irritated too. Last time I had any problem with my throat I was in the ER 4 days.. SO I packed up a drink, tissues and a garbage bag and drove to the ER...not to go in, but to be there in case I needed to. I sat listening to the radio 1/2 hour...and tho my nose is is still clogged, my throat and eyes are fine, and so I believe I dodged a bullet on this one. I won't tell my husband, he would have a fit. I am not telling anyone but you. I thought it was better to be safe than sorry...and I knew it might not blow up into anything, but last time, in less than 5 minutes I was at 84% oxygen and I figured proactive, in privacy was a wise choice... but I did feel a little silly..and smart at the same time...know what I mean? 