A warm hello to all of you. For those of you who have allergy-induced asthma, I just wanted to share a recent turning point in my illness. I've struggled with severe allergies since the age of 12 (I'm 37 now). I was also borderline asthmatic until this year when, for reasons I can't put my finger on, I became a full-blown asthmatic. This has truly been a dark period in my life as I adapt to this new illness. I've probably seen roughly half a dozen allergists in my lifetime. It was assumed based on prick-testing that I was allergic to various things in the environment: grasses, weeds, molds, pet dander, dust mites, and so on. I underwent five years of immunotherapy injections to reduce my immune response to these allergens. I saw some improvement, but not enough to go off my meds. Not a single one my allergists - I repeat, not a single one - thought to look at food or diet as a possible culprit. I asked my current allergist if he thought any dietary changes could help. He shrugged his shoulders and said, "Eh. You could try, but often the improvement we see is minimal." Not satisfied with that response, and quite desperate for some relief, I sought out a naturopathic doctor. She tested me for food allergies/sensitivities. The results were shocking. It showed I was allergic/sensitive to many foods I ate - and some of my levels were beyond those that she typically saw. I was instructed to avoid these foods for six months. I made these changes right away. I'm a week into this "diet" and the results so far have been incredibly encouraging. I have not taken my antihistamine in almost 3 days when before I could barely go 24 hours. Eventually I would like to wean off of my nasal corticosteroid and, hopefully, eventually my inhaled corticosteroid. There is a lot of controversy over food allergy/sensitivity testing. And I know it's still quite early in my journey to be considered a "success", but I just wanted to put this out there for others who are thinking about undergoing this type of testing. Feel free to reply with questions. 