Why do you want / not want to get married?A sort of follow on from the why do you want / not want children thread.I'm just wondering if there are many women who choose not to get married or share their life with a partner and how it has worked out for them (not just people who just don't find the right person, get divorced etc). Has anyone made the conscious decision that they just don't like the idea of sharing their life with someone and want to go it alone? One of my friends is like that. She's hasn't so much as gone on a date in nearly 10 years and is completely happy with herself and her life. She has no interest in finding a man and is planning her future (mortgages etc) for herself. I really admire (and am quite jealous if I'm honest ) that she's is so sure of herself and happy with her life.Likewise, what about people who get married etc. Has it lived up to your expectations or would you do things differently if you were to do it all over again?From my own point of view, marriage is something I had always pictured for myself and ideally would still like to get married some day if I find the right guy. The idea of being all alone in an empty house isn't very appealing to me. On the other hand, I appreciate how much hard work relationships can be and heartache if things don't work out. Or even on a more basic level, the fear that you could just get bored/annoyed if you live with the same person for too long. I can certainly see the appeal of doing things alone. In a lot of ways it seems like the 'easy' road to me, but I haven't resigned myself to that just yet. Having said that, as I don't have someone in my life atm I don't want to put my future on hold either, so plan to look into the feasibility of mortgages etc on my own. I figure I can always rent a room out if I'm lonely as a last resort (Btw I certainly don't think someone should define themselves and their happiness by who they are with, but marriage is a big part of our society and a major life step for a lot of people, so I'm interested in everyone's opinions)