Women commenting on and rejecting men due to heightI've seen and heard an increase of this phenomenon both online and in person recently. I thought it was only happening frequently in USA but seems it's hitting Ireland now. I'll preface this with the fact I'm unaffected by it personally as I'm quite tall but I have had friends and other's experience this honestly terrible scenario and it irritates me knowing this huge double standard is widely accepted and downplayed by a lot of people. Also, I'm not making a generalisation that all women do this, because they obviously don't.If a man makes even a slight observation about a woman's weight he is considered shallow, judgemental etc. and most of the time it'll end in total uproar and offence. If a woman makes a totally harsh comment about a man's height and rejects him outright for that nobody bats an eye and the man is supposed to just take it and deal with it, "man up" is what'll probably be said if he seemed to be effected by it. Yet the thing that annoys me is how one of these is totally genetic and cannot be helped and the other is almost always a personal choice, aside from legitimate medical issues causing it, and can certainly be helped with a small bit of will power and dedication.ÊNow, let's disregard genders for a moment here as this is for both men and women. A person is born with absolutely no choice in the matter. They do not choose to be born with their skin colour, their height, their facial characteristics etc. These are all completely genetic and cannot be chosen by the individual. You wouldn't openly comment on somebody's race, certainly wouldn't openly reject them by telling them it's why you're rejecting them. You wouldn't openly comment on somebody's facial characteristics and openly say it's why you're rejecting them. So how come some women will openly comment negatively and let men know that they're rejecting them due to their height and not think twice about how atrocious it is and how much it could potentially hurt the guy?ÊI hope more men start bringing this up and putting a stop to it if they witness it first hand.Cliffs:- Height is completely genetic and cannot be helped- Being unhealthy and overweight is rarely genetic and is a personal choice and can typically be helped- Why are some women openly commenting on and rejecting men based on height- Why do these same women go crazy when men make any comment on a woman's weightBut who was logic?