Do you ever feel you have to flirt back with someone you dont really fancy?I've had a few experiences with men where they have showed romantic intent but I have made it clear that I was not interested in anything like that with them. In turn the man has taken this as a rejection and been really mean.Then I have had similar experiences but I did not make it clear that I was not interested and didn't act particularly interested either (just in friendship) and the man eventually got mean because 'I lead him on'.I would like to add that I have a lot of male friends and I know this is not for all men.This is going to sound awful but there have been situations where I felt that I almost had to flirt with someone that I wasn't interested in just to keep the peace or because I didn't want to fall out with them or split a group.ÊFor example you sit and have lunch with a mixed group of people in work every day. One of the men who is confident and quite intimidating (i.e. tells people what he thinks, you hear him slag off people a lot etc.). He takes a liking to you. You have no intent of getting with him. He keeps trying to flirt with you, makes it obvious flirting. Will he perceive you being friendly as flirting? I suppose I would try to act as normal even though I can clearly see that he is interested. But that has happened before and the man has said that I was leading him on.I think its hard for women because its like if they aren't interested then its like 'ok fxxxoff then'. I understand its hard for men and they usually have to approach women and face a lot more rejection too and its never nice to get rejected so I get that but you would think if they liked you at all really then why would they get so angry. Usually your attraction doesn't really increase until you know its mutual anyway or is it because these kind of men feel entitled?ÊIgnoring is kind of tricky because flirting is joking and having fun which is something you do with your friends so you'll end up coming across as a drip and he was just being friendly if that makes sense but then having fun back can be perceived by him as leading him on.How do you handle this kind of situation? Do you flirt back? or make it obvious that there is no chance? Or do you try to act normal and ignore the flirtatious behaviour?