Dating questionsHi,So I am just wondering what do you generally think about who asks who in dating? So I have asked guys out before when I've thought there was a bit of interest but it never went beyond one date, which is fair enough. But on talking to a few of my friends they were saying that they would never ask, and always wait to be asked, that if a guy likes you he'll ask. One also said she thinks that the guy might feel emasculated, I wouldn't have thought that anymore, as surely everyone likes to be asked out now and again even if they might say no to it.I suppose I'm a bit of a failure at the whole thing so I would be interested to know what people think. Are you seen as too direct if you ask a guy out, and when is it even considered a date, or just hanging out without some one saying the word 'date'? If a guy asks you to get dinner together I'd assume it's a date (assuming they weren't a close friend), would a guy assume the same on being asked? Am I supposed to inject the word date when asking?!I just thought it would get easier as time went on, but I often would just like it to be more straight forward, if someone likes you could they not just come out and ask you out instead of dropping hints, you then ask and it turns into nothing. I mean there is a good chance that the hints I think are there are all in my head and maybe that's what I need to work on, but these guys (most of them) have still said yes when I asked and we've (or at least I have) had a good time but then nothing after first meeting so maybe it's the rest I need to work on, I'm fairly sure that I don't turn the whole thing into an interview, I'm really just looking for a bit of a laugh and to see if we get on.Rejection is a bummer, it's not that I am really invested in these but sometimes it would just be nice to even have a second date or to know if I am just doing something wrong, but even whether it is rejection isn't that clear when you don't even know if they consider it a date!Anyhow sorry for the long post but I'm just really starting to wonder where I'm going wrong, I'd be interested in other opinions and to see if I should I keep doing what I'm doing or take a different approach or view on it!