SW Shakedowns on Single Fathers?I've noticed recently a number of posts seeking advice on what appears to be a shakedown tactic that has been employed by the SW recently. Some posts from people having experienced it can be found here, here and here.What appears to be happening is a single father is contacted directly by the SW who then demand either their financial details or that he increase maintenance payments to the mother, who is on SW. The father need not be on SW themselves for this to happen.I don't know if a threat of legal action is explicitly made, but by the reaction of those who receive such demands, it does appear to give that impression.Thing is, my understanding (I'm not a lawyer, nor have I had first hand experience of this) is that the SW has absolutely no power to do this - demand financial information (certainly not if the recipient is not on social welfare), nor to bring a single father to court for increased maintenance (AFAIK only the mother may) - yet this is what seems to be implied in these demands, according to accounts.To me, having by now come across numerous accounts of this occurring, it seems to be some sort of shakedown; an attempt to scare men into paying more with the implied threat of legal action. To add insult onto injury, as child maintenance is deducted from the mother's rent allowance, in appears that the purpose of such a tactic is so that the SW saves money, while the child never sees a penny of it.I'm not posting this thread to start a discussion in terms of men's rights (it may be related, but not here), but because I'm a bit shocked that something that seems to be happening a lot and appears so dodgy does not appear to be public knowledge (has it even been reported in the media?).I'm also posting to see what the truth of it actually is; is it a very cynical and unethical shakedown, as it appears or is there something else to it. If this is the former, it should be made public knowledge, so posting about it here is a start.Experiences, legal and administrative knowledge on this welcome.