Why wont this thrush go away?

Hi there,

I've had white vaginal discharge for the past year or so. It looks like a white smooth substance (think PVA glue consistency),I don't suffer from any other discomfort such as itching or swelling and it doesn't smell. After some research online I thought it was normal so I didn't really do anything about it but in the last 6 months there was more discharge than normal (about a tablespoon full) I had to change my underwear several times a day and it was starting to affect sexual intercourse - It didn't hurt to have sex, I just didn't feel as lubricated down below and my partner was always left with white residue on his penis after sex.

So I went to the doctor and she took a swab from my vagina and sent it off for tests. When the tests came back normal she said that thrush would be considered normal so that's probably what I had. She prescribed me a canesten pessary - it didn't work. Then she prescribed me canesten tablets which I had to take for about 7 days. They didn't work. About 3 months ago she prescribed me a 6 month course of Flucol tablets (Fluconazole) and said that some people suffer from stubborn thrush and need to take a more long term dose of tablets. I was hoping that I would finally rid myself of my condition but I've been on these tablets 3 months now and I am seeing NO difference, in fact I think it has worsened at times. I'm starting to wonder if I even have thrush - given that the discharge doesn't smell, I don't itch down below and its not cottage cheese consistency. Surely these tablets would have improved it somewhat by now? I know I was prescribed them for 6 months but the doctor did say it might even clear up in 1 month so I'm a bit peeved off that nothing has changed.

I don't eat a lot of sweet sugary foods, I've cut out eating mushrooms completely and I don't eat a large amount of bread (these were all foods my doctor said could cause thrush)

I'm on the ovranette pill and was on a different pill about 9 months ago so I don't think its the type of pill I'm on that is causing it.
I haven't been on any antibiotics in the last 5 years which can also cause thrush.


I'm thinking of going back to my doctor this week and asking to be referred to a gynaecologist to sort this out, as I've already visited my doctor 3 times about this and wach time she has examined me and this problem still isn't sorted.

I'm just wondering if anybody else has had a similar experience/condition? Has anyone out there been on Flucol and did they take ages to work?

