Criminal Law (Sexual Offences) (Amendment) Bill 2014I noticed the lack of debate on the new Criminal Law (Sexual Offences) (Amendment) Bill 2014 which will seek to criminalise the purchaser of sexual services while exonerating the seller of sexual servies.Does this not seem a little crazy to anybody ? Take for example illegal drugs, as far as I am aware, buying or being in possession of illegal drugs is a minor misdeamour but selling them is a much more serious crime (at all levels from street pusher to crime boss)Now I know it is a crime to run a brothel etc. etc. but the bottom line here is that if you are a sexual services sole trader so-to-spaek it is not a crime to sell sexual services.If you look at the gender breakdown here (not scientific) but I would estimate 99% of the purchasers of sexual services are male and probably 80-90% of the sellers of sexual services are female. So it does strike me as hardly a gender neutral bill ? It is clear to see for some time how strong the feminist lobby is in Ireland and any government is wary of even being seen to offend "Mna na hEireann", but really is nobody going to speak up for the "Fir na hEireann" here ? surely if we are going to criminalize the purchasers of sexual services why not equally criminalize the sellers of sexual services.My own humble opinion is that the purchasers of sexual services are equally as vulnerable as the sellers of sexual services, and if this bill is passed into law the purchasers will become even more vulnerable.Think of the following two scenarios1). Stag party guy. On his last crazy weekend of freedom, has a drunken fling with a prostitute. He gets busted, gets a criminal conviction, a criminal record, maybe even listed as a sex offender ..all of which will affect his employment prospects, all his future relationships, he may even be hounded out of his home by vigilantes after the local Garda Sergeant discloses his details to anybody who asks for it.2). The lonely bachelor/widower/divorcee. For a bit of companionship this man, occassionally hires a prostitute. The prostitute knows its a crime for the purchaser but not for her, so she blackmails him for more loot.Food for thought ?