ColonoscopyAre you getting the camera up the bum treatment soon?I just got the procedure done and here are my experiences so you don't have to worry.The preparation to ensure that you are completely empty was a bit of a surprise.Three sachets of Pixolax, one taken at 19:00 two days before, one at 15:00 the day before and one at 19:00 the night before.The first sachet was dutifully taken, and as much as the manufactures tried to hide the taste with a hint of added orange flavour it still tasted like the old Beechams Powders (if you remember them!)It was all the flat 7up within 2 hours that was the hard bit.After the first dose there was no real sign of anythng happening for a while, but by ten o'clock that nightI felt a bit of a rumble. I positioned myself on the throne for the action and what happened next could only be described as a complete surprise! 100% liquid shot out my arse are a vast rate of knots!It just kept coming and coming - I had to do a courtesy flush half way through!This episode lasted approx 15 minutes. Forget using absorbent toilet paper - wet wipes is what you need for a clean botty!(these do not flush well, so maybe a doggy poo bag is advisable)Since the next sachet was due at 3pm next afternoon, the night was spent worrying that I may continue to evacuate my bowels in the bed.However, let me reassure you all that this does not happen, so when it is your turn, do not fret or worry and sleep soundly.Next morning, a light breakfast, toast with a scrape of butter and a mug of tea.The day was spent not straying more than 50 seconds away from a toilet - just in case.Luch was a clear soup, but no more food after that.Sachet two was taken at precisely 15:00 - and worked precisely at 16:17. Again, 100% liqiud. Sachet three was taken at 19:00 - more flat 7 up - more of the same result.My last drink of water before the procedure was taken at 23:00 that night - hunger pangs not too bad.The morning of the procedure and I arrive 1 hour early - other people also had this in mind so I was 3rd in the queue.A lovely young nurse handed me one of those robes that no matter what you do will always have your arse showing out the back of it.I wasa told to strip off and only wear the robe, take a seat and wait until I was called.I was a bit apprehensive, but not worried. I sat there and read the previous days indo and sun. twice.Then it was my turn, the lovely young nurse made sure my dignity was kept intact by pulling the robe out from between the cheeks of my arse where I have being trying to clamp it shut, I felt a soft pleasing breeze as I was led to the room wherethe procedure was to take place, asked to lie on a bed, blood pressure, pulse and all that was taken - all seemed to be normal.I was given a nasal canula for oxygen, I noted with surprise that oxygen has a faint smell.The consultant then arrived, introduced himself and chatted for a minute, he then said that he was going to give me a little sedation. I was woken to a voice calling me by name, and when I opened my eyes there was my missus all ready to bring me home.And that is how easy a colonoscopy is!No pain, no after effects, no discomfort, as easy as lying on a bed