LOVE.

My heart I guess was a little sore recently. I guess it made me think.

I have a friend who married a friend of my brother's. She is polish and quite what's the word for it? Wise? She is mentally tough and for someone reason I don't know why she had taken a fondness to me. 

Generally I express my feelings of friendship for people through kindness. I tend to worry I am not good enough to be friends with so and so. I have deep insecurities. With her I don't I didn't know why for some time. And she got to talking about it. 

She told me when she met me the first time she knew I was a good person. She said that if I even had kids the man would have to be strict because I would be too nice. I asked her if that was the reason she liked me. She said no she didn't like me because I was nice to her but just because I was me. 

It got me thinking I often hear people saying bitterly that when they love someone that they find it is perhaps unrequited and that person might fall in love with someone who is not as nice as they are. And they misinterpret this as meaning the person likes bad people. It doesn't mean that. It simply means the guy or girl fell in love with that person because of who they are THEIR specialness and they didn't love you.

But in a way that is freeing. You now know that person didn't love you. 

People don't love you because you are thin or pretty or rich or kind. They love the specialness of you. And they are kind or expressive about this because it gives them pleasure. They want you and the people around you to be blessed because they want to. They try and do nice things not out of duty or obligation but simply just because. 

Truly a lot of the time if you ask someone 'why do you like me?' the real answer is I just do I don't know why. I don't know why or how I like you or love you I just do. 

And no man or woman owes me their love. It means that no one else is living for you, my child. Because no one is you. Each person is living for himself; his own happiness is all he can ever personally feel.

When you realize that no one owes you happiness or anything else, you’ll be freed from expecting what isn’t likely to be.

It means no one has to love me. If someone loves me, it’s because there’s something special about me that gives him happiness.

When people do things for you, it’s because they want to — because you, in some way, give them something meaningful that makes them want to please you, not because anyone owes you/me anything.

Often when people like us it doesn't even matter if we see the little things they just do them. 

When I realize that no one owes me love or anything else, I am freed from expecting what is not likely to be.

I say this because I am the type of person who has always known that love is rare. 

It's the Sweet Charity moment with Shirley McClaine. 'Somebody loves me!?? ..me?..me?' 

If your friends want to be with you, it’s not out of duty.

But once you realize that people don’t have to be good to you, and may not be good to you, you’ll learn to avoid those who would harm you.

No one has to love me. 

Some people will choose not to be with you for reasons that have nothing to do with you. When that happens, look elsewhere for the relationships you want. Don’t make someone else’s problem your problem.

Love is not owed or earnt. It is not an obligation. If I love someone then them being happy with their friends and family makes me happy. Even if I don't like their family I want it to be there for them. This is not obligation it's because I am living for my own happiness.

But no one owes me love. And quite often men /women will fall deeply truly in love with people who are not as kind as me and that is because they have fallen in love with THEIR specialness and not mine. 

And I am not bitter about this. Infact I am moved but yes it will be a little painful sometimes.

But it has given me a great gift. I know now that if someone likes me or truly loves me then they will just be happy to be kind or to see me happy and vice versa. And if someone is around me and not just loving me and me just loving them then we are not in love.

And you can stop wearing yourself out running around trying to earn things that are not to be earnt. I cannot earn love or prove myself worthy. 

If someone truly loves me they will just love me. If I love someone I will just love them. 

No one owes me moral conduct, respect, friendship, love, courtesy, or intelligence. And once I recognized that, all my relationships became far more satisfying.

Strategic exchange relationships are fragile and easily break down when there is any level of disagreement. Emotionally intimate communal relationships are much more robust and can survive considerable disagreements.

'It means that no one else is living for you, my child. Because no one is you. Each person is living for himself; his own happiness is all he can ever personally feel. '


But when someone loves you truly your happiness becomes part of theirs. This is how you know love is real or not. 

I can't force things. I can wave and go hey you like me? And that's it. If the feelings are real on their side then they will just want to be with me and love me. And that's it. And otherwise it is just one sided expectations on my part.

And if I truly love them I will still want them to be happy and blessed. I want them to have good friends and family and to one day find someone they fall deeply and madly in love with. But I won't fool myself into thinking I can earn love. I give love freely and true love is free. 

Someday some girl will come and sound her fire word for them. And it will burn doubt and fear away. But I don't have the word. I have my own secret words. I have my own specialness. 

I might not like the person my friend likes more than me. Or I may not be liked by someone I admire more than they like anyone else or they could be indifferent. 

But that is why love is precious. My love is precious. If someone ever falls in love with me they will naturally want me to be ok. 

I don't have to fear that they will mistreat me or abuse me. I know now that someone who loves you does not do that. 

To any guy or any girl out there who may be in love with someone who perhaps takes and does not give. It's not because they love bad girls or prettier girls or bad guys or prettier guys it's just they are not in love with you. One sides expectations in your head are very painful. Especially if the person has led you on. Some people get a kick out of it. But don't stay or become bitter. This person did not love the specialness of you. They will love the uniqueness of someone else this person you might not approve of. And you might think 'I gave this person so much'. You can't earn love. You can't fake the real deal. 

When someone loves you they just do. And when you realize you can't earn love you will realize you can't expect the impossible. 

So how do you know if someone loves you? They just were nice to you and you didn't have to earn it. They wanted to connect with you and wanted you to be ok. They gave and asked for nothing. But if you find yourself doing this and the other person likes you as much as they like all others. Don't be angry. Smile and know if you were true you were simply doing it for them. And some day real love will come for both of you. 

When you love someone you just do you might not even know how or why or you might. But you just want them to be happy. We are all living for ourselves when you really love someone wanting them to be happy is selfish. And so if you are with someone and they are not made happy through treating you right. Then you know it's not because they are a bady girl/guy they just don't love you. There is no passion there. They are indifferent.

This is not the same as cautious or shy or afraid to be hurt. If you really love them you will always these. Or you will want to. And if you are cautious they will want to allay this. You will want the other to be secure. If will make you happy.

And never regret the effort you gave. You did it for your own selfish reasons. Be honest you took pleasure in it and if you didn't then you didn't really love them anyway so don't fret.

Love is rare it's precious. Enjoy it :-)
Sorry for mammoth post. 

Please add your thoughts about love if you want to.
