What you as a woman like in men.I thought I would start this as the thread in the gents lounge was more of a what men feel bad about themselves for. I will start off by saying I know it is individual.Ok I am starting off. This is just my attractions though..this is NOT to say this is what a man SHOULD be at all.Someone who has a curious mind about the world. Who has a passion for learning and knowledge. Too many people are satisfied with shallow things. Someone who can verbalize ideas and thoughts well and can converse on a wide variety of topics. He should enjoy talking to me. He should need my affections and enjoy being fussed over a little. He should be naturally affectionate himself and easily moved to caring. To balance this he should be just a little stoic though too. He has to get my sense of humour. If he does not have one or is a little serious that's ok so long as he doesn't mind mine. He should have a pure heart. He does not take crap from people but doesn't get vindictive about it. He is fair and decent and has a sense of honor. He likes animals. He likes to protect me a little bit. He is on my side. He sees I have something to offer him and likes my little tokens of affection. Like little whatevers he doesn't think it's silly...HE DOESN'T think I'm silly. He talks about his issues and lets me talk about mine. If someone goes wrong for him he know's I'm there and that makes him feel good. He is not a head wrecker and doesn't go for silly relationship drama. He is FAITHFUL.He respects others. He can't be bothered with fake people and does not go for shallow relationships.I must know I can count on him. I know I can text him whenever and we don't NEED to text each other every day or we can ...we just know doing what we feel is cool with each other. He thinks I'm a little bit special ...just a little bit. He thinks he is a little bit special too.He doesn't play with me and knows I am honest with him. He cares about my feelings. I can count on him.He is not arrogant and doesn't have a bad attitude. He is not bitter. He treats all as his equal and considers himself equal to all.When he looks at me ..he sees ME ...He is keen on me and is comfortable letting me know. Obviously he has to be attracted to me too and like my personality.I can make him happy..( I know people say no one else can but this is my magic dream guy ok!)Knows I can be a little bit shy and intimidated and makes me feel at ease. But knows I can be strong too. Wants me to be happy.Knows I accept his flaws. Knows if I love him I will be there through the bad times poor rich or when he is down. He will be there through the bad times.Is good to his mates. Has good mates ....decent guys/girls he respects.Loves his family.OK looks. I have to say attraction can be build on a wide variety of types for me and then some I would just never be into. I have noticed that plain is more unattractive. I think it is just maybe you don't think of those unattractive to you as ugly just they are plain or something.I am not really into muscle dudes. It would not be a complete turn off or anything I have just never noticed that really.I have dated biggish guys and slender guys. Any hair colour. Freckles or no is fine. Any eye colour. But good eyes ...eyes you can look into and feel comfortable :-) Hands, nice hands. I did notice once a guy I liked had sinewy forearms ...but thats a bit weird. I don't mind his natural skin tone ...but it has to be natural ...not fake tan etc. NO JEDWARD HAIR STYLES..ok maybe if he was reeeeaaaaly nice ...but seriously it's a bad fashion trend.Face ...quirks can be ok...don't worry about them. A good smile or a quirky smile...not necessarily talking about the teeth or anything.If he likes some of my stuff I like thats cool...but he does not have to so long as he can put up with it...I put up with his stuff even if I don't like it...I want him to be happy. Ok clothes...I guess he can wear what he likes...really...it all comes off in the end Hair...ok men's hair has got a bit stupid recently ....NO JEDWARD HAIR NO BIEBER HAIR!He must not like justin beiber....he has to be sensible about music...Ok is that list too nitpicky??