Life, perspective & moments that stop you in your tracksLast night the fuse box blew and we had a domestic power cut, rendering the usual Sunday night TV / laptop routine impossible. I found myself sitting by candlelight in my bedroom rummaging through my book shelf for something to read, and happened upon an old diary of mine from seven years ago.I’ve kept diaries since I was about eleven years old, and this one traced my life during one particular summer spent in San Diego on J1 when I was about 21, a summer of sunshine, booze and spontaneity.Among the entries was one written in Pacific Beach shortly after we arrived. At this stage we were there about a week and growing increasingly frustrated with the crusty dive of a hostel we were stuck in because of a nightmare house hunt that was going nowhere, and I remember vividly climbing out the back door and up a spiral staircase to the back roof of the hostel, for a cigarette and a quiet moment. The diary entry ends: “As I write this, some crazy American randomer is waving and screaming at me from his balcony to come join him...sure feck it, why not?”The “crazy American” was a lovely guy from Oregon, who had been living in SD for a few years, and I spent the night hanging out with him and his flatmates on his deck, smoking and talking shyte about Ireland, how crap Bush was, why Americans feel the need to own a gun, how strict the cops were, the difference between California and Oregon etc etc. Reading over that entry for the first time in years, I suddenly had a vivid picture of him in my head - a slight guy, very cute, glasses, perfect teeth, very friendly and open, brandishing an Irish surname and very proud of his roots. Being the nosy fecker that I am, naturally I turned to the internet to try to trace what had happened to this guy who I spent this enchanted night talking to many years ago. After a few chance googles, a familiar face popped up. He was killed in a road rage incident in California almost two years to the day I met him in 2006. An innocent passenger in a taxi, which became the target of some psycho motorist’s violent anger - he was hit on the head as he exited the cab, fell to the ground and died a week later in hospital. Now, I know - that’s life. You live long enough and I’m sure hearing about the incidental death of an almost-stranger, years after a chance encounter, doesn’t seem all that shocking. But it shook me. I couldn’t stop recalling fragments of our boozy, hazy conversation, him talking about wanting to set up his own business, his smiling face, his totally American, awesome openness to this absolute randomer sitting across the road having a sneaky fag....this youthful, silly, smart, curious guy who is no more. It’s really made me think. About the usual - how short this life is, how unpredictable, how cruel, how fleeting. About how significant these chance encounters are - significant enough for me to have written his name in my diary and googled him years later. About how significant everything is, and how important people are - not just those you love, but people you may meet for five seconds today during the course of your daily routine. How important it is to connect with people. How much we rush through life, taking things for granted, racing to our future, when it’s not guaranteed to any of us. About how that guy made my night and I never forgot that. So I guess this is a long-winded, stream-of-consciousness-y way of asking: have you ever had such a moment? Something that stopped you in your tracks and made your day-to-day problems pale in comparison? A moment that put something greater, something larger in focus about life and its fragility? What's the greatest dose of perspective you've ever been given, and how has it helped you?