My Balls, this Forum, and Avoiding the DoctorWhat could they possibly have in common?Well about 2 months ago I started to get a dull ache in one of my testicles. Like a lot of guys I ignored it in the hope it would eventually go away. Have never been too good at examining my balls, because as some comedian once put it; "It's like looking for a lump in a bag of lumps" and thought that if I search hard enough I'll always find something that feels weird. Had an auld rummage and couldn't really feel anything out of the ordinary. Thought about checking online for possible causes but as people often say "avoid Dr. Google", I didn't bother and just tried to put it out of my mind which I pretty much did for the best part of a month and a half.ÊFast forward to last week and the aching still hasn't gone away, plus I now think it's slightly swollen. Again tried to put it out of my mind and reassure myself; "you're just getting paranoid, it'll go away, it's not swollen you're imagining it," etc. Had a feel around again and this time I think it feels a bit lumpy around the back, which of course has me sh*tting bricks! Calmed myself down, caved in and did a few online searches of possible causes (that weren't the dreaded cancer), and was marginally reassured to see that as unlikely as testicular cancer is, it's even more unlikely for it to cause pain or discomfort.ÊThe best thing by far that I came across however was a couple of threads in this forum which really reassured me and convinced me to go & get it checked out. (Specifically these two:Ê I went to the doctor today, he had me lie up on the stretcher thing with my pants down and he had a feel. Wasn't nearly as awkward as I'd thought it would be to be honest, was all very professional.ÊHe said he didn't find any lumps or abnormalities (was just my paranoid mind after all!), that it's quite normal for one testicle to be slightly bigger, and that the aching was most likely caused by an inflamed epididymis. He gave me a script for anti-inflammatories and sent me on my way. I was in and out in about 15 minutes. Two months of worrying, dispensed with in half the time of an episode of Friends. Definitely worth it for peace of mind!So, just thought I'd come back here and make this thread about the whole experience. It's quite a hard thing to talk about with others, and consequently you start to feel alone and a bit overwhelmed. It's easy to say to someone "just go to the doctor" but many of the things that were stressing me out about it were not concerning medical advice, but about the whole process of going to the doctor for an issue like this in itself and what to expect. I had questions like; "What's the next step if the Doctor finds something? What kind of tests do they do? Will I need an ultrasound? What's it like? How much will it cost? What's if it's cancer?".Reading other peoples accounts of their experiences with similar issues helped me answer those questions and really put it into perspective that these things are quite common. To read that other people went through this and it wasn't the end of the world really reassured me and made me feel not so isolated. I read is a lot more A lot of people don't understand why a person wouldn't just go to the doctor if they are concerned about something, but for many, getting a check up (especially when it's about your balls) can be a very intimidating thing, even more so if you are not used to seeing the doctor. That's why I think it is important to share your experiences of things like this so other guys out there can read them and see that it's really not such a big deal to go to the doctor and have a check up.ÊOpen, informal discussions with other guys in similar positions like the ones I read in this forum were an easy, informative, and un-intimidating way for me sort my head out and respond to my medical concern in the way I should have. The two threads I linked to above directly lead to me biting the bullet and scheduling a doctors appointment, so thanks those who were involved and to this forum for facilitating them!(Let me just highlight I do not think seeking medical advice or encouraging the giving of same over the internet is a good thing, and I think it is right that it is against the rules on this site. I hope it is apparent that that's not what I am encouraging here!)