What do you hope/expect your old age to look like?I happened across this article earlier today. It's about a photographer documenting the lives of women in their 80s and 90s, who live alone, in New York City.Quote:There are a few lovely shots in it (I particularly like the make-up, and the dresses drying over the bath). And it got me thinking for a number of reasons. Both my grandmothers are this age and still living alone and independently. They have been widowed for decades. Their days closely resemble these women's. They are lucky to both live in cities, with lots going on. They differ from these ladies in that they still see a lot of us, their families - every day through Whatsapp, Facetime, Facebook, and in person a few times a week. They both have five children, all married, and over a dozen grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. Many of the family live abroad or far away, but there are so many of us that there are still a lot nearby, and we can between us make sure that the grandmothers get a lot of attention, without it overwhelming just a couple of people.It's not all roses. In the last five years especially, their closest friends and siblings have died. Their health is deteriorating. One can no longer travel abroad, the other cannot handle crowded places or too much physical activity (this is particularly sad as up until just a few years ago she swam or walked miles every day).But overall, they are very lucky and happy women. Their lives have been full and their days still are. The losses of my grandfathers hit them both hard (one in particular was in her early forties with five children still in education and it was very hard and emotional for many years) but they rebounded.Having them both still alive and close to me, I think quite a bit about what I want from life when I am their age. Obviously, this is all dependent upon health - being as lucky as they are and the women in the photographs are, to still be physically and mentally capable of getting about. But advances in modern medicine mean that most of us first world women, if we look after ourselves, have a pretty good shot at making it to 80 in reasonably good nick.I think I'd be good at living alone. I have rarely had to do it, I like housemates and met my husband pretty young. But I enjoyed it and when my children are destroying my clean house like a hurricane I often think how much I'll like it when I'm the only one there to make a mess!Having said that (and this is going to maybe sound a bit calculated or strange, but I can't think of a better way to put it) I've always thought that one of the biggest attractions, to me, of having children is the prospect of having family in old age. Now I know, it isn't a guarantee. It can't be guaranteed. There are plenty of old people whose children never speak to them. Maybe my kids won't want to have kids of their own - that's fine. Butusually most families get on pretty well, and it's fairly likely I will have grandchildren. I'd love that relationship. And that dynamic. I'd never expect like daily contact or to live with them or anything. I'd be happy being whatsapped some photos every now and then and taking them out to the theatre.I don't know if I'm putting things off until retirement. I'm not good at deferring, if there's something I want I like to start trying to get it immediately or I just get stressed out. My grandmothers have learned basic computing, French, flower arranging, etc over the last twenty years. I could see myself flower arranging.What do you hope/expect your old age to look like? The Golden Girls? Would you cope with being a widow? The odds are good, especially if your other half is male and even a little bit older than you, that we will be on our own for at least a few years at the end. My only non-negotiable is that I'd better have a hoverboard by the time I get to 80.