The Shaming and Control of WomenI have been listening to some of the commentary around Mother and Baby homes in Ireland and it seems to me that a lot of people are unaware of, or have forgotten about, how different things were for women in the 60s 70s and 80s. It seems to me people are aware that the RC church was repressive but there seems to be some lack of awareness of what the economic and social conditions were for women at that time.Im also aware that some posters here on this forum may have had children in homes or some other similar situations or may be adult children born into such circumstances so I want to be conscious about any sensitivities around that.Commentators have been saying they think we as a country are searching for a narrative because the story of how pregnant women and their babies were treated involves Irish society as a whole and maybe we are reluctant to face some of that.I would like to add my bit to the conversation from my perspective. I believe it is important to see both the personal individual situation as well as the system in which the thing occurs in order to fully understand it. Im wondering if any of you have any observations, commentary or stories to add.I think its important to understand the social and economic conditions of previous decades because those conditions were even more immediate and important than any religious beliefs at that time when it came to what you were going to do as a woman married or unmarried on finding yourself unhappily pregnant. Sure religion probably did shape the minds of those who made the laws but the control and shaming of women was Institutional in that it was also inbuilt into the social system of beliefs, education, legislation and welfare of the time. Being Institutional the shaming and control of women was also invisible, in its pervasiveness and in its normality. Even though women and some men fought to change things other women and men resisted and fought to maintain the status quo. The changing of something that has become Institutionalised is difficult to see and that’s still why things like the remenants of sexism that still need changing can sometimes be difficult to see be aware of and change.I also think its important to remind ourselves about conditions for women during that time because I think it is important for any people or sub set of people to remember where they come from. Remembering how things were, how they came about and maybe the work that went into changing things can sometimes explain why we now think as we do and sometimes it moves into our present by being part of the reason people may feel very emotive about an issue. Some of you may have observations about how some of the issues listed below have changed but still have hangovers into our present time or may know of issues that still need changing.I based the following lisst mostly on Fintain OTooles articleHow things have changed - just ten things that Irish women could not do in 1970sbut with additions from articles linked to below which add some information about how these things were changed and the work people put into changing it. If you are interested in this issue those articles give more information and are an excellent read.Id like you to maybe think as you read this list about how hard it would be to raise a baby independently, without family support, maybe having been thrown out of the house because you were pregnant and about how inviting the idea of being cared for in a home would be to you with little knowledge about what actually went on in such places or the repercussions for you or your baby. Also remember not all unwanted pregnancy's happened to single women. The burden of not being able to control your own reproductive abilities effectively bound women like it or not to a life of child care and homemaking no matter what her personal aspirations unless she was part of a family with money where women had time for or were allowed luxuries like personal aspirations other than childbearing and childcare. 