Contraception is such a nightmare...My boyfriend and I have been together 4 months and we have begun discussing contraception options. I am 20 years old, and was on the pill from the age of 16-19. I started on Microlite, and very soon after starting the pill I noticed I was feeling extremely low and depressed and not like 'myself', so I went to the doctor and he switched me to Yasmin. It's hard for me to say wether or not there was a difference on yasmin, seeing as I suffer from anxiety and bouts of depression regardless, but I just know that when my relationship ended at age 19 and I decided to go off it completely, I had a wonderful feeling of being 'me' again.ÊI am a highly sensitive person, both physically and emotionally, and am extremely sensitive to many medications. I am in a place in my life right now where I don't want to take hormonal contraception if I don't absolutely have to, so I decided to do some research on non-hormonal methods. After a LOT of research, I found that the diaphragm sounded like the best option for me. I booked an appointment at the women's clinic to discuss all contraception options, and I mentioned that I really liked the sound of the diaphragm, only to be told by the doctor that she really didn't reccommend it because of how low it's effectiveness is. She then proceeded to pretty much tell me my only options would be hormonal ones, or the copper coil which I would not be happy about getting due to the high risk of long, heavy and painful periods on it which I do not need when I am in university studying.ÊI spoke to my boyfriend about the option of using just condoms and a spermicide, but he said he would be uncomfortable with that because with his ex he broke so many condoms that he wouldn't be able to relax and enjoy it without worrying about the condom breaking, and I feel the same way. Pregnancy right now in my life would feel like the end of all my plans for the future and I would be fairly devastated, so I sort of feel like my only option now is abstinence..ÊThis is very frustrating to me and I have a lot of stuff going on right now that are making me feel like crap such as thrush, bad PMS, irregular periods, and I've just come off an anti biotic for clearing up acne which I got after going off the pill, etc. So I just feel as though putting any hormones into my body would be a bad idea, considering I'm already an anxious person who suffers from low mood. I am starting university in a month and I don't want anything getting in the way of it. Things are going extremely well with my boyfriend and we're being intimate in other ways, he's been very understanding of my wishes not to use hormones and he cares a lot about me choosing an option that I'm happy with, but I just feel like I have no options now, and the fact that he cares so much about me just makes me want to have sex with him all the more!Has anyone been in this position and what did you do?ÊI feel like it's so unfair that us women are nearly always the ones who have to put all this crap into our bodies if we want to have sex. Obviously I'm not blaming men for this, it's not their fault, but when are they going to make something other than condoms for men?! This is soo frustrating..