How do you deal with aggressive behavior from kids in public?This is something I've noticed that happens a lot but doesnt seem to be discussed at all. For example I was coming back from the shops the other day when I hear this thump behind me. I looked around and there was this group of young fellas/sumbags looking all sheepish. There were about 8 of them, ranging in ages from about 14 -18. You know the type, Gilets, tracksuit bottoms tucked into white socks, they all literally looked the same.I walked on for a bit but then I went back and had a look in a garden close by and sure enough there was a football. I jumped over the wall and got the ball. I approached the group and one of them came towards me, he was telling me to kick the ball back to him. I said to him, c'mere I wanna talk to you. He looked scared, turned away and went back to the group. When I got right up to them another 5 lads came around the corner. So now it was me and about 13 of them. There was an exchange of words between me and a few of them, I wanted to know if it was an accident and of course nobody was owning up to kicking the ball at me. So I turned and walked away but I still had their ball. They were shouting at me to give them their ball back, I just ignored them and kept walking. Then the guy who owned the ball was moaning and I told him to come talk to me by himself. No way was his response and he ran back to the group. So then they follow me and im surrounded by them all. One guy leading the pack, but I looked him in the eye and I could tell he was scared, which is probably the most dangerous state to be in. ANyway I kicked their ball over a wall and told them to go get it bitches. And that was it. Now obviosuly they weren't hardcore scumbags because I'd probably be deadbut Im a bit annoyed about the whole thing, I've seen incidents like this play themselves out in public before. I've seen people being intimadated and attacked by groups of kids on the luas. I've seen people out jogging have rocks thrown at their heads. People just out walking and being surrounded and intimidated on the street. Its like something out of lord of the flies and nothing seems to be done about it. I had a friend who was attacked while out running and even though he found out the names and addresses of 2 of his attackers(both 17) the Gardai did nothing, didnt even follow it up. So if the gardai dont have our backs how do you deal with something like this?And I guess thats my question, if it happens to you and you find yourself in a situation where a group of kids are acting aggressively towards you how do you deal with it? Do you walk away, call the cops or do you start swinging digs?