Hello introductionHiI wasn't sure if to post this in just diagnosed as I am a new person on here but I am not sure I am in that category anymore. So here I am!I was diagnosed on the 8th August with advanced bowel cancer (tumours in lungs and liver) and started chemo on the 31st and cetuximab was added 2 weeks later. I have been through the initial horror and tears (still pop back intermittently!) but am trying to remain positive. I've been lurking for a few weeks and admiring the strength and tenacity of so many of you and I am sure it's helped me come to terms with my diagnosis and understand what I can do differently more quickly, so I thought I'd finally pluck up the courage to join and say hello. I think this is an amazing forum and that I'd just introduce myself.JaneBreakfast - a healthy start to the day please!Hello allI'd really appreciate some breakfast advice/tips. It is the meal I struggle with most. When I say struggle, what I mean is, struggle to avoid eating copious amounts of sugary carbohydrates. This is always such a bad start to the day as I either a) have such a sugar rush and subsequent low that I eat even more rubbish, or   decide that I'll try again tomorrow and ram a few more cancer feeding foods down.It doesn't help that I try and eat breakfast at work or on the journey to work as I have never have time in the mornings. I'd be very grateful for any breakfast related tips or ideas - I am happy to prep the night before it it would love something I could eat at my desk or on the train. What would also be handy are some small snack ideas that would keep me going for the 2 - 3 hours from when I wake up until when I can eat a bigger breakfast.While I'm on the subject my other period of food weakness is when I am on the steroids and feel the need to eat fairly constantly and again become a carbohydrate consuming monster - again some great cancer fighting snack ideas would be so useful. I really enjoy cooking and would happily prepare stuff upfront but I am a bit lacking in inspiration.Ideas and recipes would be very gratefully received.Thank you.JaneLiving as a stage 4 personHiI had my scan results today which were good in the sense that I have had an excellent response to chemotherapy and the tumours in my liver and lungs have all shrunk. My oncologist is really pleased and said this is great news. However (there's always a however when you have stage 4 cancer) surgery is still not an option and is unlikely to ever be so. My prognosis has moved from months to years, and there is a belief that the cancer can be kept at bay for a good while so I am trying to remain positive about all of this.My oncologist talked about managing the disease with chemotherapy with breaks in between to give me a chance to recover - and using various options and drugs along the way.I guess I just want to know what other people's experience is of this type of 'long term' cancer management or treatment regime. Any ideas of what I can expect or how other people cope? Or what the 2 month break (this is my next aim) will be like. Most people are aiming for localised treatment which isn't an option for me but I'd love to know how other people with stage 4 cope and what their journeys have been like. I also need a bit of inspiration!Thanks allJaneAnti-cancer book - determined to get some control backHi allFrom 'struggling a bit' to 'determined to get some control back' in 2 difficult-ish days. This is possibly a slightly self indulgent post, but as so many of us (or family and friends) struggle with these feelings every day I thought it might have some relevance for others too.I guess my mini 'crash' over Christmas was somewhat inevitable. Despite remaining positive and strong most of the time 4 months of chemo, the awful bad cetuximab skin and to some extent becoming a 'victim' (aka patient) of the medical system has dragged me down. And as you all reminded me this is hard and tough and it's okay to admit that too.I think one of the hardest things for me in the whole cancer thing is the lack of control. I have had a successful career, survived and escaped an abusive relationship, managed as a single parent, left behind a successful career and started a new one working for charities and have made a new and happy life for myself and my boys. I know (without sounding arrogant - maybe a little!) that it's me that's done this (although my brilliant and wonderful new husband has helped) and I held it all togethe during very tough times. The cancer diagnosis and my 'fate' feels out of my control. I am told by the doctors that there's nothing I can do to make a difference and I can't cope with that.About 2 weeks after first being diagnosed I read Anti-Cancer and realised that actually there are things I can do. I can live happily and healthily and with joy. I resolved to follow his guidance and focus on doing my best to beat this diagnosis and live as well as possible. The last few months of chemo and knock backs and what is bloody hard work just to stay alive, have taken it out of me. I think I have sunk down into being a cancer patient/victim rather than someone living with cancer. I have started constantly thinking about dying.So I have started re-reading Anti-Cancer and I would urge anyone feeling helpless or defeated or just plain scared to read or re-read this book. The first few chapters alone remind us all that we can control our own lives despite having cancer. We can feel our own emotions and live well and happily and this horrible disease doesn't need to consume or control us. I feel so much more positive and happy after reading it. I cleared out all the sugary crap left over from Christmas and realised that however long I am around, that this time can be enjoyed and cherished and be healthy. I've eaten badly since starting chemo and put on a stone and half - I blame steroids and sadness; but I don't need to be this way. I can exercise and be healthy and feel good, or at least better.I hope I don't sound too evangelical or hectoring (sorry!) I just know that for me Anti-Cancer isn't just a healthy living book, it has really helped how I feel.Anyway I know that a few of us have had a hard Christmas and are facing a tough January and I wanted to post something positive. It isn't good news as such, but I am feeling much happier.JaneScan resultsHi allI saw my oncologist today to get my scan results after 6 months of chemo and it was good news. The tumours on my lungs have almost vanished and the ones on my liver decreased by over 50% - to the extent that surgery is now an option for the future! They don't want to do it now as the feeling is that it is best to get rid of the lung mets completely and continue going for all the tumours, rather than localising the treatment. So the plan is to have 6 more months of hardcore chemo on the same regime, irintoecan, 5FU and cetuximab from late April/May as this aggressive attacking treatment has worked so well that they want to continue with it. After that (and if I have continued responding and if there isn't loads of growth during this break - so many ifs) then they will look at localised treatment. SIRT is definitely an option (he is a lead practitioner of it) but obviously the ideal is surgery. According to Dr C short of it all vanishing this is as good as a response as we could have hoped for. So all very very good.For the first time since diagnosis I feel like there might be some proper hope here. Even if it's just giving me more time I have a lot more than I did and when I look at my family that's all I want, more time.Anyway I wanted to share my good news with you all as this forum has given me so much strength to get through the first bout of chemotherapy (and will no doubt be relied upon when it all starts again!) that it's great to tell you all, and say thank you!JaneWeird painHiI don't know if anyone else has experienced this but I have a very weird pain in my groin area but only in my right leg - it is right at the top of my inside thigh and is a dull ache or if I put weight on my leg a sharp pain. It has gone from being a twinge to an ache, to this evening barely able to walk (having been fine all day). Now I am in the bath it is back to a mild dull ache. It does seem to be weirdly related to my bowel habits. It's more painful during and before a BM and seems to ease up after. Plus I am having lots of (3 or 4 times a day) BMs but never feel like it's all gone. Hopefully that makes sense.I will be seeing my oncologist soon to get some scan results (this is obviously causing me to panic). How quickly can tumours grow? Could I go from nothing on the 22nd February to a big huge dehabilitating tumour by the 10th April. Or could a small one cause this pain? I have had some lower back ache but I think that was triggered by long car journeys as it has been fine since I stopped being in the car so much.Finally I know this is also probably a way too medical a question (unless you're reading this Ailsa!) but if chemo works on one tumour does it work on all of them? I ask because at the start of my chemo a PET scan revealed a spot (could have been anything) in my pelvis. Considering I had such a good response to chemo surely this would have been blasted away or could this have massively grown in the last 2 months?Obviously I spent a lot of time (stupidly) checking in with Dr Google but fortunately even with my current levels of paranoia I know I can't have testicular cancer! I have now sensibly decided to check in here instead.Any thoughts or experiences that you're happy to share with me would be very welcome.Thank you.JaneUnhappy and angryI just feel really unhappy and angry at the moment. I am struggling to ever imagine being happy again. I have advanced cancer and am just waiting for the day when my diagnosis moves from being incurable to terminal and it all seems so unfair and pointless. Chemotherapy is hard and horrible and will just keep me going and I have to for the children but I feel so ripped off that this is all I have left of life.It is horrible but I feel so jealous of everyone else. Jealous that my husband will get to see the kids. Jealous of people that can recover. Jealous of people that are well. And it's vile. I feel like and angry bitter person which, of course I am. I imagined what I do if I woke up and my whole cancer thing was just a dream and I thought 'I'd feel happy' and it made me realise how hard it is for me to feel happy now. I don't know how I can get past this. I know this won't help me even try to beat this thing but part of me feels like that's impossible anyway.Sorry to be so negative and nasty but I don't know where else to say these things. I've just shouted this at Al which was a horrible thing to do because of course I know it's worse for relatives etc but I don't get to see my daughter grow up and right now it feels pretty rubbish for me too.Any advice on how to get out of this rut of negativity would be really welcome. Right now I am just not nice. Sorry if this is too emotional or raw.JaneMy big fat painful tumour(s)HiSo I saw the oncologist today and the reason I have been in so much pain is that irintocan etc has stopped working and my primary tumour has expanded considerably. It is now 20cm x 10cm x14cm and is filling my pelvic area. Hence the constant back and hip pain. The lung tumours are stable but the liver one has also grown a bit - despite the liver function test results improving. All in all it was a fairly rubbish scan result. I am not surprised as I can feel the tumour in my stomach and know it's been getting worse - it shouldn't hurt to wear clothes! I am however shocked at the size of it.I start a new chemo regime on Friday. Oxy and cap tablets plus avastin every 3 weeks. Any tips on what to take or expect would be helpful.Right now I just feel sad. I am trying hard not to think about the kids and know that this regime can be really successful, but it is hard looking at my three year old daughter and imagining that she'll probably grow up without me. I'll pick myself up tomorrow and hopefully the new drugs will work pretty quickly - any pain relief would be marvellous.Jane  Jane's newsSo I don't know where to post this or what to say. But basically there is no more treatment for me. Scan results show that the disease has progressed with chemo and my liver isn't strong enough to take anymore. I have weeks not months. I asked if I can get to Rosie's birthday on the 31st January and my oncologist said yes that I should set that as a goal and then set another but it's closer rather than later.I am not surprised but of course I am sad.I am not going to tell the kids until after Christmas and we are going to make sure we have an amazing time and that there's loads of happy pictures and memories for everyone.Bit of a crap post this one. I've only just left the hospital and phoned Al to tell him the news so I feel pretty alone right now. It's so sad for the children and Al and just really sad all together.Not what I wanted to post and sorry for rambling on inarticulately but it's a bit weird finding out that you only have weeks to live. Not that I am shocked as I knew this was coming but I am not sure how prepared you can ever be for that news.Jane