Just got back from surgery.Hey gang.Well, it's moved on quite quickly after the discovery of my new mets. I'll try and give the short version!Originally, I was told no surgery for peritoneal mets as it is notoriously unsuccessful, so they just don't bother! Not the most inspirational meeting with my onco, as he then stated that chemo was also generally unsuccessful too!But then... I received a rather unexpected phone call. My case came up at the MDT meeting and my original surgeon was there. Basically, she looked at the info and said that she'd like to go in and take a look despite the rest of the MDT seeming to think this was an unproductive excercise. The colorectal nurse who phoned me warned me not to get my hopes up, as it still doesn't change the fact that the surgeon would be likely to find further spread that just wasn't large enough to be picked up on the scan and in this instance, there would be nothing further they could do surgery wise. However, I know that my surgeon is a feisty one, which gave me some heart.So, I went in yesterday. It was a very long day as I was due in for 7am but didn't get into surgery until 3pm! Surgeon went in with a camera through my original hemi scar. She removed the two mets that were picked up on the scan, despite there being a few smaller ones dotted around. She said that very often when they look with a camera, it looks like someone has scattered a handful of rice in the abdominal cavity and that's why they can't successfully remove, however, mine is literally just a few dots here and there. I'm taking this as a positive thing as she then said that chemo should have an easier time clearing up these few small dots now the larger ones (I think the largest was about 18mm) have gone.So, I'm now recovering. I'll never get used to the pain of that air that they pump you with! It gives me the most awful shoulder pain as it pushes against my diaphragm. Anyhoo, the painkillers are doing their job for now.Chemo starts again next week!Wiggle   