Good and bad news?Got the results of Ct scan mixed results and not sure what to think :-\No previous CT sections through the lungs are available for comparison (they only x rayed my lungs when I was first diagnosed). There are at least two nodular opacities in the right upper lobe. Both are quite small and remain indeterminate and may represent metastatic disease or non calcified granulomatous lung change.All the rest of the scan is positive with no signs of problems.SummaryPulmonary nodular lesions, which may well represent benign incidental pathology. No further suggestion of metastatic disease.Ocologist said they were not concerned with the result as the tumor was of a low grade and small but I am to have a follow up scan in three months, so want to celebrate a good out come but have mixed feelings. Heres to the next three months  Confused Sheilasaw my surgeon todayMy six monthly visit to my surgeon today and after reviewing my scans he does not need to see me for a year, yaaay. He has a meeting with my team in cairns and they will be discussing the plan for my lung thingies. The scan for those is on the 23Rd. Of this month but he did say because my tumour was of a low grade with no lymph nodes and having no up chemo he was not concerned to much. Colonoscopy is due in September but as he said there is less there to do this time so it will be quicker!!   just the scan and the results now it should pass quickly only 11 days to scan and and then 10 to results(((hugs from the rainforest)))Sheila to youThe long wait !!Preparing for my CT scan and blood tests tomorrow, not concerned about them at all, it is the wait to hear the results on my lung thingies ??? ??? ??? ??? I have been guilty of googling today, first time in ages but did read it is more likely to be cancer if it is in the top lobes, of course that is where mine are !!! If you are female !!!! and if you are a smoker or ex smoker, I am an ex going on 14 years now Aghhhhh was doing ok until I read all that      (((Hugs from the rainforest)))SheilaRelay for Life Far North QueenslandHi all,Well tonight I am relaxing before our big weekend, a 24 hour relay walk for cancer research. We have a team of 14, 5 of them children ranging from 7 years to 11 years old, we will be walking around the footie oval in Mareeba. The swags and camping cots are at the ready for the forty winks we may be able to grab between shifts, there is entertainment all night and someone from our team has to be on the track at any given time, it is going to be a long night, I haven't pulled an all nighter since I was on duty with the SES for the solar eclipse.Our theme is the spring races and we have jockeys and the ladies are dressing up for the fashions on the field, I have the dress I made last year for the Melbourne cup, it was something I did to take my mind off of the side effects of the chemo I was on, and Gypsy just for you I am putting on my orange fasinator, I will be wearing this on the first walk of the day the survivors and carers lap.It will get cold during the night as we are up in the mountains so in keeping with our racing theme my daughter and grandchildren have Zebra onsies with hoods after the movie racing stripes, I to have a onsie but because I am not so much a racer as a plodder I will be dressed as Eeyore.To top all this off I start my low residue diet in preparation for my Colonoscopy on Tuesday, glad I do not have to start the moviprep until Monday of=r I may have broken the track record(((Hugs from the rainforest)))SheilaQuestions about the lung thingiesCT scan Thursday and seeing Oncologist the following Tuesday this will be the third CT for the lungs, they keep telling me they are not worried and the nodules have not grown.The thing is I AM!!! I have had such a good result from the colonoscopy that I want to make sure that nothing is left to chance. Is there any test or extra referrals I can ask for to put this to rest. I am one of those people that take for granted what the experts say to me but in this case I feel I must push for something to be done.Thanks in advance(((Hugs from the rainforest)))SheilaSuprise scan tomorrowHi all,Had to go to the docs today, back pain has been getting steadily worse over the last month they have got me in for a scan in the morning to see what is going on. Lots of things flying around in my head none of them good!!! The doctor was lovely and so helpful but English is his second language and I think he was trying to put me at ease but his descriptions of what it could be left a lot to be desired   I have previous history of degenerative disc disease and have had surgery for it so looking on the bright side lol, so could now be on the waiting list for spinal surgery as well as a gynie one, seems funny looking at two operations and that is the bright side((( hugs to all from a very hot and steamy rainforest)))Sheila