Hair Loss During TreatmentI'm surprised I'm bothered by it, if I'm honest. It's happened before and I know what to expect. Maybe I'd learnt to appreciate my hair a bit more after it grew back, maybe that's why it bothers me more this time.I'm likely to see my hair start to fall out in about two weeks - from my head anyway. Although to be honest it's all ready started. I can run my hands through my hair and collect strands. I've stopped washing/brushing my hair if I'm just at home - to try and preserve things. I'm due to go away this weekend with my boyfriend so decided I might as well wax my legs one last time - and take control over some of my hair loss. It was the easiest wax session I've ever had. There wasn't any pain and the hair fell out very easily.Anyway, onto the real reason for this post. To put it bluntly. I don't want my boyfriend to see this part of the illness. I don't want him to see me with no hair, or eyebrows or eyelashes. I'm nervous about how I'll cope with it and I'm nervous about his reaction. He knows it's going to happen, I've not hidden it from him. He's not experienced this before, so he doesn't know how he'll react. We've been together four months, so it's still early days and we should only be having to learn about each other's bad habits - instead we've got to work around cancer too. Not the ideal start to a relationship really.I've recently had a wig fitting and am due to get it in about a week or so. He knows I've ordered it, but it was an awkward conversation. I'm not sure if he just doesn't know what to say or if he's freaked out by it. I need to ask him really, I just don't want to have that conversation. There's so many conversations I don't want to have to have with him because of this.I'd be interested to hear how other people have dealt with hair loss and partner's reactions? It might be more my issue than his, and I know it's just something that comes with the illness, but it does upset me. I'm planning to wear the wig out and about, and at home I'll probably wear scarves/hats - more because I get so cold with no hair. I'm just dreading the time when I see him and I've got no hair. It makes me so angry that it bothers me this much. In the grand scheme of things it's just hair and it will grow back and I can wear the wig etc. it's just this will be such a physical reminder to the both of us that I'm ill and I think that's what's upsetting me. I don't want him to know me as ill Hannah. I just want to be Hannah who is a pain to eat out with.I'm going to the Look Good Feel Better workshop next week, so shall hopefully get some good tips for the eyebrows and eyelashes. I'm also considering getting semi permanent eyebrows - but need to investigate price etc.I'm going to talk to him this weekend about it properly and find out what he thinks. I know the key to all this is talking, it just feels a bit overwhelming at times. I need to have this conversation before the hair loss really takes over.Just wondering if anyone else had similar worries? Or am I just being ridiculous? (please don't comment on the ridiculous bit)