RetirementAs some of you know from my post last year, I took early retirement midway through my Chemo and, once the Chemo finished we sold the house, downsized to an apartment in the UK with the intention of spending as much time as possible in Cyprus where we are lucky to own a Villa. We now return to the UK for three or four weeks every three months for scans etc. and to see family and friends (although we also seem to have a steady stream of visitors to Cyprus!). Following my scan last August my Oncologist informed me that, whilst there was no sign of cancer recurrence, my osteoarthritis had worsened since the previous scan. He suggested swimming as a good exercise for this. Now, swimming for me has always been a brief dip to cool off, a bit like a tea bag - dipping in swirling around and back out. However, I took his advice to heart and immediately started swimming daily in earnest, firstly in the pool until I was doing 50 lengths as a matter of course and then into the sea once the pools started to get cooler. The section of the bay outside our development is 1.5km from a stone jetty (usually occupied by fishermen) across to a disused harbour (photo below). Within a short time I was swimming this daily before breakfast, followed by a leisurely walk back along the beach. After having niggling back problems for years with regular visits to an osteopath, I now have no back pain at all and only wish someone had given me the advice years ago – mind you when working I probably wouldn’t have maintained the same regime.It’s now 18 months since my right hemi-colectomy and 10 months since I completed my Chemo and, with the swimming and regular long walks (usually accompanied by a couple of stray dogs) I’m feeling better and fitter than I have done for years. We’ve been back in Cyprus now for two weeks, after getting the all clear for my last scan in March. Summer is coming, the temperature has now moved into the early 20’s after what the locals tell us has been the coolest, wettest and windy winter in Cyprus for many years (but still with plenty of clear sunny days to enjoy). After working long hours for over 40 years I was unsure how I would cope with retirement, but after being pushed into it early following the Stage 4 diagnosis, along with having very low neutrophils during chemo with the resulting risk of infection, I must say that the days are just flying by – other retirees have told me in the past that they didn’t know how they managed to fit in work and I never really believed them. In fact there is always something to do, most recently an intensive few weeks redecorating.Although the future remains uncertain, we continue to enjoy every minute of every day. My wife Gail is now 6 years clear following surgery and radiotherapy for Lymphoma and I fully intend to do the same.Sorry about the rambling I only intended to post the photo and a brief few words in explanation! All the best to every one of you,Bob x




One Year OnWhat a year…………….!!Rapidly approaching the 14th September, my wife’s birthday … also the date last year when my Colonoscopy confirmed a tumour large enough to prevent the camera proceeding any further. Not much of a birthday present for my wife!Two weeks later, instead of the arranged holiday with friends, I was in hospital having a Right Hemi-Colectomy. The operation was very successful and I was almost back to normal within 5 weeks. However, 8 of the 50 lymph glands removed at the same time as the operation proved to be cancerous and the most aggressive Grade 3, with the furthest one away from the tumour site being cancerous and thereby nudging me from Stage 3 to Stage 4. We are very lucky to own a Villa in Cyprus and the day after my Oncologist advised me of this diagnosis we decided to go there for a couple of weeks to clear our heads. Best thing to do, walking the beach each day built up my strength and we came back ready to commence the six months/12 cycles of chemo.One week after commencing Chemo, our much loved 12 year old West Highland Terrier passed away. No previous sign of illness he just faded over the course of one day. We still haven’t got over it.After my second cycle I developed a bad infection around my Groshong Line and was admitted to hospital, spending 9 days over the New Year period on intravenous anti-biotic. Eventually the line was removed and I was released from hospital, the main delay being due to all surgeons used to removing Central lines being on their Christmas holidays.After having another line installed to the other side of my chest, the Chemo recommenced and proceeded reasonably well and I settled into a routine, 3 hours in the day unit on a Tuesday followed by 46 hours with the pump and returning to the hospital on Thursday to be disconnected. There followed a few days with severe stomach upsets, combated with Loperamide and Codeine, before returning to work for the second week.In February I had my 60th Birthday and felt unwell leading up to a family party. That night my temperature hit 39 degrees and it was back to hospital, where I spent another 10 days on intravenous antibiotics recovering from what was eventually found to be Campylobacter. It seems that I had picked this up from a roll bought from a deli close to my office and, whist others had also had rolls with no real adverse effect, my immune system was very low. Although I was ok within 5 days, my Oncologist wouldn’t sanction my release from hospital until my neutrophils rose to above 1.0, but these struggled to rise above 0.5. Eventually I was given a GCSF injection and next day my neutrophils were 3.0 and I was released from hospital.After discussing this with my Oncologist, particularly the fact that my neutrophils were rarely much above 1.0 at the time of the Chemo (occasionally delaying treatment) he said that the immune system during Chemo was lowest between day 7 and day 10 i.e. when I was trying to work. I decided to stop working for the duration of the Chemo treatment, but, after another month of considering the future, I decided to take early retirement. After further delays to treatment due to low neutrophils, I completed the last four cycles having GCSF injections for the four days before each treatment.I was lucky in that I didn’t suffer from sickness during my treatment and therefore I retained my appetite and didn’t lose too much weight. The main side effects I experienced were the diarrhoea, minor tingling in the fingers and concentration/memory problems (chemo brain). My dose was reduced by 20% for the last four sessions because of this. The chemo brain still persists but is improving.In order be able to manage to retire early we decided to sell the house and purchase a much smaller and more manageable place close to the hospital. The house has now been sold and, with furniture in store, we are now in Cyprus pending completion on our new home in the UK. We came here three weeks ago, immediately following seeing the Oncologist who advised that my scan results were clear!My next tests and Oncologist appointment are three months from the last and fingers crossed all will be ok. He did say that if “it” returns it is likely to be next year or the year after. Until then we intend to make the most of life, spending as much time as possible in Cyprus!!!Six years ago my wife was diagnosed with Lymphoma, had an operation to remove a large tumour followed by radio therapy. A few weeks ago, a couple of days before I got my all clear results, she had her 6th year all clear and, despite her consultant’s original thoughts that it would likely return, it looks as though she has beaten it… now it’s my turn to do the same!!!The end of a tumultuous year and we are moving forward in hope, making the most of every day!!My very best wishes to everyone with BC and the family/friends of those dealing with it.Bob