Decision to makeWell what a surprise! On Tuesday I heard that I had won a trip to Barbados to see England play a Test Match against the West Indies (some might say this is a dubious pleasure and could be quite painful!.) We had to give our decision abut going by Wednesday afternoon so it was all systems go to see whether it was possible. Bryan is only 6 cycles in and we were really unsure about a way forward. So we phoned the specialist nurse who duly rang back. We're told that the consultant was going to have a "big discussion" with Bryan at his review appointment next Wednesday. We knew that they were looking at a lung spot to see what it was to decide whether to operate on the liver so presumably this is what the "big discussion" is about. She did say that if he really wanted to go on this holiday then chemo would stop straight away to allow us to go and we presume it would resume when we get back.Bryan says she was very non-committal about our decision but did warn about the likelihood of blood clots and the need for pressure socks - we always wear these long haul anyway. We're also not certain how the consultant will react to us deciding on this break at this stage rather than after cycle 12 as he had earlier mentioned.So - Bryan has always wanted to go to the Caribbean, our daughter in Australia has commented that we need to decide whether we just want to live from one appointment to the next, which in truth seems to be how we are just now - we've decided to go on the holiday and we'll face the wrath of the consultant when we tell him this next week.We've only been living with this for 6 months and i know that many here have been dealing with this for much longer, but we feel we need something positive to look forward to. We had to cancel our trip to Australia at Christmas so missing seeing our granddaughters - one was only born last November - because of the start of the chemo but in hindsight I think we regret that decision. I think seeing the girls and making those memories might have been more beneficial mentally and emotionally for Bryan.My job now is to hit the phone and the internet to try to find some sort of travel insurance for us - it's bad enough to get them to accept his diabetes besides now having to factor in cancer. Still I will find something I'm sure - there do seem to be some companies out there who might do this.Has anyone out there done this sort of break in treatment for what probably seems to the medics to be a bit of a trivial reason? What effect did it have on you? Are we being daft putting this holiday before treatment? I'd be interested to hear of any experiences.Best wishes to allLesley