Claiming PIP (Personal Independence Payment) for those aged 16 to 65I am in the process of completing a claim form for the new PIP benefit that replaced DLA (Disability Living Allowance) last year. I am 58 and was initially told I had bowel cancer on the 24th Sept 2014 this year and had surgery on 5th Nov 2014 and have now started (16th Dec 2014) a course of chemotherapy. My tumour was categorised as a C1 on the Dukes scale and I had 3 out of 15 lymph nodes with cancer cells. Hoping for a full recovery (obviously) but know I have a long journey ahead. I would be grateful to hear from any patients who had claimed PIP and have managed to get this non means tested benefit. I'd be grateful for any tips and advice. I am aware that in terms of time span the "condition" or situation affecting the patient in terms of PIP must have lasted 3 months at the time of claiming and also be expected to last a further 9 months ie at least a year in total. I know my chemo will last around 6 months and I have also been advised that the effects will take time to diminish also. I have what I hope is a temporary stoma and have already been told that a reversal will not take place until after all chemo and any further surgery has been completed. There is always a chance that I will get a secondary cancer that may require more surgery. It's difficult to be clear in my case how long my treatment will last. Does anyone have a similar experience. Someone I spoke to today seemed to believe there was some generosity and greater allowance for cancer patients. I am aware of "special rules" where patients are considered terminal and have life expectancy of less than 6 months. That does not apply to me. This benefit would help a lot with travel costs, parking and transport where I am not clinically advised to drive myself. I live a long way from my main hospital in Truro, Cornwall. It would be VERY helpful if anyone could provide links to average treatment plans and recovery times in terms of treatments, especially in the context of the bowel cancer stage. I know we are all individual but there must be guidance or a table of anticipated treatment time-scales out there somewhere.