xmas blueshi everyonei notice that there have been quite a few posts with people feeling stressed over the holiday period and also people getting bad news about their health and worrying about heading into new treatment regimes after the new year etci just want to extend my sympathies and best wishes to all concernedit is funny how holidays can be difficult, with people expecting us to be full of the joys etc. and surprised if we have quiet reflective periods or dont seem to get quite as ecstatic as others over the seasonal activities..i had to take some flak with people thinking i was being miserable at times, oh well never mind, all ok at the moment ,best wishesmikey cancer in the usahi folks i just thought i would post and forum entry from the usa, from a chap called Chris a long term survivor, but not bowel cancer. he is a member of ccc, cyclists combating cancer , in the usa and they do rides together etc etc. we dont have the equivalent in the uk or i would be there !! i chat with some of these folks and am friends with some off them on facebook.his post gives one hope, you might like to read itmikeycharcoal , safe or not.hi folksi have seen a couple of posts about charcoal recently suggested use for limiting smells and also in one of the booklets on the website here , (eating well), for limiting pain and wind it says try charcoal tablets.i remember seeing a news article some years ago about avoiding activated charcoal as it is carcinogenic. so i have religiously avoided burnt toast etc ever since, ALSO THERE IS A BOOK Gaia: A New Look at Life on Earth by prof james lovelock an independent research scientist that is very good and covers thisso perhaps there is a magic word here in the 'activated ' bit bit i am not sure. any thoughts anyone?mikeycolonoscopy tuesday and a bit concerned...hi folks i have a colonoscopy on Tuesday and iam a bit concerned as one of these symptoms i had before being diagnosed has come back...basically i have a fair bit of wind from the rear end but the real issue is that it seems to have got rather more smelly over the last month or 6 weeks. i had this effect before diagnosis and the surgeon said it was down to bacteria in colon reproducing and living off the blood in colon due to tumour and creating the by products of the bacterial metabolism..... hence the increased smell.well this is where i am again. mentioned it to Sue, she has noticed the smellier nature of things....could be nerves and stress about the appointment i suppose, oh well we shall see on Tuesdayany one got any comments?Mikeypoor bowel prep for colonoscopyhi folksi had my colonoscopy for a checkup on things on tuesday.followed the isntructons with the moviprep and eatignand fasting etc.but it didn't do a good enough job on me and on the report the bowel prep status was described as very poordoctor said he could only check about 65 or 70% of colon but what he could see was ok.so i am having another one 16th Decemberthey have given me 4 packs of cleanprep this time. Iif that is the right name) shall look lateranyone had this kind of problem and if so what did you do to overcome it...???am thinking of fasting an extra day or at least half day and talking to gp etc about what else i need to do...at the hospital i stood around afterwards after feedback session at the desk and they just gave me the letter and the 4 packs but no suggestions as to how to improve things... :-\cheersmikeyRelaxing actively !I just wondered how everybody is recovering from the build-up of tension that surrounded most of us in the week before Christmas Day  Yesterday morning my Neil went off to umpire a hockey game - this tradition goes back to years ago when we both played in what was called 'Rusty Hockey' - started by a fitness-fanatic local GP whose birthday was on Boxing Day and spouses went along to make up numbers. In those days that was our 'active' way of letting off steam ( I just turn up to support these days - too many youngsters there nowadays)   I have been and watched the Boxing Day early morning Dip some years, thats great fun  Then in the afternoon we went for a walk along the beach - and discovered hundreds of other people, all ages and all sorts, out walking too and people actually smiled and said hallo to each other  Some of you on here will know every so often I talk to people with chest problems about self-help coping mechanisms and how learning about relaxation is relevant. But it seems to me that a lot of people already know how to instictively get rid of all that tension, mental as well as physical, that Christmas can bring  Any other active relaxation ? (Suze, sorry, I know you would if you could - just start on that Transversus exercise. Mikey, we all can guess what you've been doing ha ha )Marymy best friendwell my best friend who is a microbiologist come biochemist and helped me immensely when i was first diagnosed, was down to see me a few weeks back, when he was going back to edinburgh he had a dental appointment the next day to do a biopsy on his gum..then he got a meeting with the prof to discuss, pre cancerous cells in biopsy so he is having more gum removed etc this firday....and will await the results from that and see what further action they recommend. he was a bit shell shocked the first meeting so i have told him to make a list of questions etc and make sure he has it on his lap during meetings and checks at end to see if all points have been answered etc... i shall ring him at weekend to see how things arehere is hoping it all goes ok for him.mikeysense of taste and chemohi folksanyone notice a change in their sense of taste after chemo. it is dawning on me that it isn't the food that does not seem as tasty as it used but perhaps my sense of taste has changed and is not as good as it used to be. trying to tell my self to stop overeating looking for tasty stuff as it probably the fact that i can only half taste things now.just wondering if anyone else has experienced this or the like,mikey