Difficult weekHi all, Probably back on here just looking reassurance. Having gone 10 weeks after chemo/radio therapy this past week I underwent scans to ensure I had responded to treatment. The scan results were all clear but the consultant was concerned over some of my symptoms and decided to complete a colonoscopy procedure check what was going on.He discovered cancer was present, although until the lab results come back we won't know if its spread or just not all gone. Anyways I'm now for surgery in 2 weeks to have it removed.Although I'm not concerned about having a stoma, I am concerned about recovery. I'm not one for sitting around and will need to learn how to take life easy for a while!Any suggestions on how to pass time while recovering?Many thanks,PaulNever Give UpIn October 2012 I was diagnosed with rectal cancer and had the op, followed by 6 months of chemo. Then had my reversal October 2013.Although I am still having issues with my 'arse' it is definitely getting better. However the point of the post is that whatever else you do - never give up or let it get the better of you.At the weekend I completed the Cost to Coast in a day cycling sportive - 150 miles from Seascale in Cumbria to Whitby on the East Coast with nearly 4500m of hills to get up and over.It was one heck of a tough day, but 6 months ago when I made that decision to go for it I thought this illness was not going to get the better of me.Sometimes we need a challenge in life and we who are on this web site have been set one!! We all need to remain positive and not let it beat us - at least that was what I was thinking as I pulled into Whitby on Sat night - I thought about all the threads I have read on this site and all the fantastic people I have met both on this site and in hospital.Never give up the fight and live life to the full  Bantam PaulReversal Issues!!Four months on from having my reversal I still seem to be taking 2 steps forward and 1 step back. Without the use of loperamide I would not be leaving the house and with it I can have some bad episodes - like last night!! A bit of background is that I lost my rectum to the initial surgery and had a stoma for a year ( a bit longer than most but that was my decision so I could have the summer to myself). Last Oct had the stoma reversed and got my bum back. Thiings progressed ok and was back to work after a month, but since then I seem to have ground to a halt performance wise. I can generally be ok for the day, but find that I have little control over the evenings - once started generally there is no stopping me until I am empty, and in the case of last night that was more poos than I care to remember and finished at 5am. As an aside I have also bled the last 2 nights. I have seen my surgeon about this in the past and he tells me not to worry (sometimes easier said than done).My question is - has anybody else suffered like this - should I be seeing continuous improvement or is this as good as it gets?As you can probably tell, feeling a bit down with 'it' at the moment!!Bantam Paul