Reversal operation - regaining bowel control in time for my weddingDear All,I'm new to this forum and have come on to ask for members' help in making a decision about when to have my ileostomy reversed. All opinions and suggestions welcome - I'd be very grateful for your thoughts.I am a 32 year-old guy and was diagnosed in March with rectal cancer, three weeks after getting engaged - it's been a fairly 'interesting' few months, as you can imagine.Initial MRI scans staged the tumour as T3, N1. However, when it was removed, it was found to be only a T2 and with none of the surrounding lymph nodes infected with cancer, which has meant that I have not had to have follow-up chemotherapy or radiotherapy. I realise that I have been very lucky. I understand that I am considered to have had my treatment for the cancer, and will now go under surveillance and have regular check-ups, probably for the rest of my life. However, things are OK for the time being.Given my good fortune, I am now in a position to start thinking about having my temporary loop ileostomy reversed. My surgeon initially suggested a date in August, which, ordinarily, I would have been more than happy to accept. However, I am hoping to keep my wedding date of 02 September, which, for various reasons, is very difficult to move. My surgeon, and the hospital team looking after me, have been absolutely wonderful and have said that they might be able to move the date of my surgery to July. However, in the best case scenario, I would still only have 6-7 weeks to recover from the reversal before the wedding and my surgeon said that he, personally, would recommend waiting until afterwards to have the operation because regaining 'decent' bowel function can take a while. However, he has alsosaid that if I really do want to have the operation beforehand, he would be able to give me medication to get me through the day.I would be really really grateful if people could post and let me know how they felt 6 weeks or so after having their reversal. Would they have felt comfortable, or even able, to do an event like a wedding? How long has it taken to return to some kind of normality? Can anyone pass on any dietary or exercise tips that might help alleviate problems (I noted tips on pelvic floor exercises in another thread, and will definitely look into this)?As I said, would be delighted to hear from anybody and everybody, but would be particularly keen to hear from those with similar age and experience to me for comparison's sake.Apologies for not simply adding this on the other thread regarding regaining bowel function but I didn't want to hijack it with my own query!Thank you very much in advance and my very best wishes to everyone for a speedy recovery,Dan