Food, recipes, cookingMany of us for one reason or another follow a different diet post bowel cancer. In my own case what remains of my rectum no longer likes certain foods, or should I say gives me less control if I eat them.For most of my life I have tended to follow a vegan diet, eating healthily and when possible consuming organic food. Post bowel cancer most raw foods are still a no no for me, and I eat through choice very little in the way of brassicasI bake bread on average once a week and have done for many years. Apart from the lovely smell that permeates the house making your own bread means you know what's in it. Unfortunately in the UK an awful lot of dubious ingredients can be slipped into our bread under the heading 'improvers', many of which I would not want to eat.I'm also a bread cheat in that 15 years ago I was given a bread machine. Whilst it seemed a novelty to produce these strange shaped loaves with holes in the bottom I quickly tired of the poor results, but what I did find was the 'dough' setting on the machine that allows you to produce wonderful bread without the need for a warm kitchen and takes out some (not all) of the effortFollowing on a request from another tread here is a recipe for olive rolls.9ozs wholemeal spelt flour (or any strong flour)1tsp dried yeast1tsp salt24 finely chopped green olivesA good scoosh of olive oil6flozs warm waterMix dry ingredients together and add water, olives, and oil, mix again and then knead dough for 10 minutes . Place in a bowl, cover, and put somewhere warm to rise till it's doubled in sizeOr... if you have a bread machine put all the ingredients into the bowl and set to 'dough' settingFor both methods... once dough has risen or dough cycle finished knead for 5 minutes and then divide and roll the bread into 15 golf ball sized pieces. Place on a baking tray and leave in a warm place until they have doubled in sizeBake in a 200¼ oven for 10-15 minutes until brownBrush tops of rolls with olive oil, and serve with a little olive oil to dip rolls intoHoping this thread provides some inspirational thought and ideas!