Tumour reductionHi everyoneJust thought I'd drop you a note to say I was at the hospital today and had the results of a CT scan from last week. The tumours in my liver have shrunk by 50% and there has been a reduction to the size of the tumour in my bowel.I'm so relieved.I wanted to post to show that you can get good news, when you've had fairly bad news previously. My last CT scan had shown a growth in the size of the tumours and my chemotherapy was't working - it was a horrible shock. However, my treatment was changed and now we have this sizeable reduction.I'm still inoperable as the spread in my liver is so vast BUT I have two more rounds of the big stuff and then I move on to maintenance chemo just before Christmas and hopefully get a bit more of my life back.I hope this may help someone - stay positive and focus on the small steps.My friend's also arranged a fantastic auction last Thursday, for a small cancer charity that do amazing things. We raised over £60,000!So a good few days.Speak soon and as I say, stay positive.Emma    Maintenance chemotherapyHi thereHow are we all on this lovely, rainy Monday?I'm half way through my chemotherapy now and understand that after eight treatments I'll be offered maintenance chemotherapy that hopefully holds the tumours in place for a bit. Once they start to grow again, I'm moved back on to main chemotherapy.I understand you have a smaller dose of chemo over a slightly longer time frame and (in my case) I'll stop taking the oxy to ensure no long term nerve damage.I just wondered what experience other members had of maintenance chemo?I'm inoperable apparently (for bowel and secondary liver mets) and that hasn't changed so far, so maintenance is the option for me currently.Look forward to hearing from anyone with some insight into this.Thanks very muchEmma   Small steps...Hi everyoneI went to see my oncologist yesterday. It's always been a meeting I've dreaded as I've not had any news that's been even vaguely positive. ANYWAY, yesterday I was told that:1. My weight has stabilised - it was going down rather a lot...2. My CEA is now 30. I know that's still high but it's been in the 90's previously so it feels like it's going in the right direction for the first time. I've never asked about it previously as I know it's not something to focus on in too much detail, but I'll take a decent reduction as a positive for now.3. My first line treatment that was cancelled may be reconsidered at some point. The treatment was changed after 3 rounds of my first chemo regime as my tumours were still growing, however now it seems the growth may well have come in the time between my initial CT for diagnosis and my first round of chemo (3 weeks later). It;s not a guarantee but I feel I'm back on Plan A rather than Plan B so early on.Just wanted to share. I'm still inoperable, but I'm learning this really is a marathon, not a sprint and I'll take positive news wherever I can find it!All the bestEmma   Feeling very lowHi everyoneI went to see someone else yesterday to get a second opinion on my treatment.I have stage 4 cancer that has extensive spread in my liver and in lymph nodes. I was on an initial chemotherapy regime for three treatments and had a CT scan which showed the tumours were still growing and my treatment was then changed.I'm currently inoperable and I'm finding it very hard to remain positive.The Professor that I saw was very kind and felt I was having the best treatment I could. He also said the right people had looked at my scans (eg liver specialist etc).I think me feeling so low, is down to not having something to focus on. I'm desperate to hear some good news - "your tumours are shrinking" or " we feel you're at a point we can consider surgery". I have made it clear that I don't want to know how long I've got, as I feel this can be very counter productive and really, who knows until you've tried everything possible? But then I feel it's hanging over me, especially as I don't have a plan in place to potentially have surgery at some point down the line.Having chemo every two weeks and wondering if this combination will do anything and not having a future plan (as in knowing there is a possibility of surgery) is really taking it's toll. My oncologist doesn't talk about the future and what the plan could be if it does shrink, it just feels a little like a black hole and it frightens me. I explained to her the other day that I was seeking further opinions as it helped me to feel I was a little more in control and seemed a positive thing to do. She then suggested I consider who would look after my son as and when things change for me - which I didn't feel was quite as positive as the route I was looking to take.I'm sorry for the miserable message, I usually try to be quite upbeat. I just wondered if anyone else has felt like this or had no idea of what a plan may be moving forward for them and how they coped? My chemotherapy is classed as palliative and I feel so determined to fight, it feels slightly defeatist to me. But then I think, maybe I should just accept it.Sorry for rambling on, I'm feeling a bit frightened at the moment. I actually feel fine in myself, the side effects of the chemotherapy aren't too bad and I have more energy - I walk every day and still try to work (from home), most days.I just wondered about others experience of this and if it sounds at all familiar to anyone on this forum? I'm sure it will pass, I'll give myself a good talking to etc but it's very wearing.Thanks very muchEmma   