Sprouting and healthThe best place to get sprouting seeds in the US is Azure Standard, their prices are dirt cheap and the quality is very good. You can also get seeds at your local healthfood store, always buy a small packet first and if they have a good germination rate then inquire as to buying in bulk. You can also get some sprouts at your local grocery store, the dry lentils, whole (not split) peas, and beans will sprout - you shouldn't eat most bean sprouts raw, but lentils, peas, mung beans, adzuki beans are all safe. So are chickpeas but they can be difficult to digest. If your store carries quinoa or amaranth, try sprouting those too. The quinoa may or may not, but the amaranth will. Some gorcery stores sell whole, raw flaxseeds...sprout those on cloth, hemp bags or soil and eat or juice the greens.How to grow them:Green sprouts:Alfalfa and red clover = soak 4 hours, sprout 5-6 days. Jar method is best, and you only need 2 tablespoons of seed per quart jar of sprouts. Sometimes even just one tbsp will fill it up.Fenugreek = soak 5-6 hours, sprout for 5-6 days. Use 3 tablespoons per quart jar. You can also grow fenugreek on soil, I'll get ot that in a minute.Broccoli = Soak 4 hours, sprout 4-6 days. Use 3 tablespoons per quart jar.Radish [no personal experience] = Soak for about 6 hours, sprout for 4-6 days.You can eat the sprout of ANY plant which has edible leaves.Microgreens:Microgreens are just green sprouts grown on soil until the cotyledon stage. Cut the tops off just above the growing medium and eat or juice. Microgreens are slightly trickier to grow then jar sprouts for novices because you need to be more careful with watering, but they are the most nutritious land foods on the planet.Microgreens include wheatgrass, ryegrass, barleygrass, oatgrasss, speltgrass, kamutgrass, sunfower greens, pea shoot greens, fenugreek greens, chia greens, buckwheat greens in moderation.If you wanted to grow some wheatgrass, for example, you would take some wheat seeds, soak them for 10-12 hours, and sprout them for 2 days. Then you would place them in a tray of soil so that they were touching but not overlapping (for example, 1.5 cups of wheat if you are using a 10 inch square tray) and cover the tray with newspaper or another sprouting tray; when the grass pushes the newspaper/tray up as it grows then remove it and place the grass in indirect sunlight. During this whole process remember to keep the soil moist but not wet, and ideally you would water the wheatgrass with a little kelp fertilizer, diluted sea water or trace mineral drops diluted in water - wheatgrass is able to pick up nearly every known mineral, but it can't do that unless the minerals are present in the soil.I'll post directions to growing the other microgreens later if anyone wants; the process is generally the same as with wheatgrass with a few exceptions. If any of you decide to take the plunge and try to growing your own I'll also post instrucitons on how to avoid the white mold that sometimes shows up on wheatgrass.Legume sprouts:Lentil = 10-12 hours soak, sprout for 5-6 days in jars. Use 4 tbsp per jar.Adzuki bean = 12 hour soak, sprout for 3-4 days. Use 4-5 tbsp per quart jar. Mung bean = 12 hour soak, sprout for 4-5 days. Use 3-4 tbsp per quart jar. If you want absolutely perfect mung beans that melt in your mouth you need to grow them on trays under pressure and water them 5-6x/day, but that's too much hassle and they turn out just fine in jars, although the tails are much smaller without pressure.Pea = soak for 8-12 hours and sprout for about 3 days, but it's much better to grow it as a microgreen and sprout it for 10-14 days on soil and juice the greens.Grain/psuedograin sprouts:Millet = soak 8 hours, sprout for 1-3 days. Use 4 tbsp per quart jar.Oats = soak for 4-6 hours, sprout 2-3 days.Quinoa = Soak 4 hours, sprout for 1-2 days [very fast sprout]. Always rinse very well and keep rinsing the jar until all of the white froth is gone. Quinoa is one of the fastest sprouts there is. Use 4 tbsp per quart. Quinoa sprouts are frequently ready after a single day and you can even get away with not soaking them at all.Amaranth = soak for about 4 hours and sprout for 2-4 days. Use 4 tbsp per quart.Seeds:Sesame = soak 6-8 hours, sprout for 1-2 days (any longer and they get quite bitter, otherwise they have a pleasnat nutty flavor). An amazing source of so many minerals and a very good source of b vitamins and vitamin E. I eat sesame seed sprouts as one of my meals every day.Hulled sunflower = soak for about 4-6 hours, sprout for 2-3 days. If they start to turn brown they are oxidizing and you sprotued them for too long.Pumpkin = soak for 4 hours or so, sprout for 2-5 days (depends on when they germinate). Many pe-ple say that you can't sprout pumpkin seeds, but that's nonsense. It's the same with almonds. I don't like to eat many pumpkin sprouts, though, because they are too high in phosphorous and too low in calcium to be a staple.Two of the most amazing foods in the world are poppy seed sprouts and hemp seed sprouts...the mineral content is unbelievable! unfortunately it is illegal to gorw them in the US, but I may buy some small packets of poppy seeds to grow flowers with...*wink*I'll talk much more about the nutritional aspects of sprouts later, and I'll explain how to grow nut sprouts.When growing sprouts in jars, remove the lids and replace them with either cheesecloth or mesh fastened with rubber bands. Cheesecloth keep too much moisture in so increases the chance of the seeds rotting, so mesh is the best choice. You should be able ot get some plastic mesh from your local hardware store, otherwise you can buy mesh or stainless steel lids online specifically for sprouting, but those are much mroe expensive. You can also not have any mesh at all (if you're really strapped for funds), and just use a single fine sieve to drain the water from all of your sprouts. Some particularly small seeds may not work like this, but most will.Absolute worst case scenario, you can fill a jar up with water, then empty all of the sprouts and water into a bowl. Put your hand on top of the sprouts, swish the water around, and drain the water, then put the sprouts back in the jar. No equipment needed other then jars + a bowl. If necessary, you could also soak + grow sprouts in bowls like that, if you didn't even have the money for jars. Sprouting can be very very cheap if you go about it right.A special trick: When you buy a bag of onions (and sometimes garlic) they come in a mesh bag; you can cut squares out of it and fasten them to jars with rubber bands. The holes in most of these bags are small enough to use with most sprouts.Most sprouts need to be rinsed twice a day, every 12 hours or so. A few, like quinoa, should be rinsed 3 times a day. Also keep your sprouts in the dark until the last day of sprouting, then put them in indirect sunlight only. Green sprouts should be put in indirect sunnlight 2 days before they are ready.Always make sure that the sprouting jars are at an angle so that the water can drain, like this: