Liver re-section, chat with me here please :)Hi everyone,I wonder if there is a gathering place, or could we make one here, where I can talk to people who have had the liver re-section surgery, their experiences before and after etc (treatment pathway - did you have chemo first, etc).This operation is currently the subject of my obsession. Too much knowledge is probably…well, too much knowledge, and I feel I have swallowed Greys Anatomy when I talk to people nowadays. I was diagnosed with stage 4 bowel with liver secondaries in December last year. My oncologist immediately did a heap of extra tests (PET, liver mri etc), as the liver surgeon he showed the scans to thought I may be suitable for re-section. However, the MRI turned up a few spots in my left lobe (it was initially thought to be confined to the right), and the oncologist said, to our devastation that surgery was no longer an option. However, we went along to see the liver surgeon anyway, and he actually said that he CAN operate, and remove all of my right lobe, and segment 4 of my left, which contains these little spots.It was the BEST.NEWS.EVER…well, as good as you can hope for in these circumstances. He gave me a good chance of having at least 5 years (50 - 60%), and even said if there was not enough liver volume to be left behind, he would have a procedure done to block the blood supply to the tumours, increasing the volume of the healthy liver. He was pretty confident it could go ahead, but said that I MUST respond to chemo. I have my third treatment next week, and then he is having a CT performed 2 weeks later which will measure the volume of the lobes of the liver he is leaving behind. At this scan, my tumours MUST have shrunk for him to confirm the surgery will take place, along with no progression, of course. He will then have me have 3 more cycles of chemo, with the Avastin omitted, and the operation will then take place. After that, more chemo, and then surgery to remove the bowel tumour.This wait for 7 March…the life changing day that will be in one way or another, well…it's agony. Since starting chemo, and a white diet, my bowel symptoms have reduced by I would say something like 90%. Massive improvement. However I am not sure how much is the chemo, and how much the diet. My liver however, feels enlarged and has done since chemo started (and did a bit before, too…pushing feeling out to the side of my rib cage). I appreciate that this could be to actually do with the chemo irritating it, and it is not getting any worse, nor do i have any other liver symptoms. But it freaks me out, as all the people I have read on here having liver mets don't seem to have any pain from them until very late in proceedings…and while I would call this discomfort, rather than pain, it IS worrying.Just really scared it won't go ahead. What I wouldn't give for a crystal ball to know what is happening, and whether this chemo is working, or whether my liver discomfort is a really, really bad sign  Just wanted a place to keep coming back to to chat it all through, and I would love to hear others experiences if they have had the liver resection.