incisional hernia.hi folks.i had my stoma reversal two years ago now and i was always concerned that i might have a hernia,several questions at the hospital and at Gps and the answer was always , no dont think so , but they always hedged their bets and told me not to strain it.well at patient day i had a one to one with the specialist stoma nurse. she checked me and said i had a small incisional hernia , that the stoma site was a little too far to the side of my body where the muscles are a bit weaker and that is why i have the hernia, so back to the GP tomorrow to see what to do, live with it or go for a repair...also i spoke with he guy on the ENZO stand and he said he would write to my GP and i could get one of their abdominal support belts on prescription.i also asked her about my scar, the main one form the open surgery for the anterior resection. the middle of it has healed quite well and the bottom third is healing but the top third is not much better than a couple of months after the op. she said i need to massage it, up and down across and round in circles using barrier cream or a massage oil. she said that helps move the collagen back under the scar and that is what helps it heal. i think the belt etcc on trousers has been massaging the lower sections the last two years and helping it healif this is correct i wish i had been told this two years back..hey homikey wikeyFolfiri + avastinHi,Sorry if this post is a question that has turned up before but I'm new to this site.My story:I'm 43 years old, diagnosed last October after an emergency operation with bowel cancer. I'm stage 4 as it had spread to an ovary but drs were confident they had removed it all & I have had 3 months of FOLFOX treatment. After my halfway through scan in Feb, drs found spots in my liver. I had MRI, PET & ultrasound scans and I've now been told I'm no longer cureable, as its in the liver, lymph nodes & remaining ovary.So this week coming I will be starting FOLFIRI with avastin, can any one share their experience of being on this regime and what results they have hadThanks Ruthgetting going again when in remissionhi folksi know there has been chat about this before but i thought i would start it up again as i am a bit in the doldrums.done with chemo now, and waiting for date for reversal op, probably May or June, also annual scan in June and meeting to discuss results in Julyso i ought to be chuffed and cheerful and getting going with stuff again for the next while till i have the reversal op, but i am finding it hard to be positive as i was in the autumn and just seem to be in the doldrums as it were.i know it is minor compared to lots of peoples issue on here so if anyone wants to discuss, thought i would do this new little thread.cheers wikey mikey