still in pain 7 years onHi,I'm new to the forum and did post in complications but thought I may have posted in wrong section.I was diagnosed with Dukes C at the age of 35, three weeks after the birth of my daughter. I am now 8 years cancer free after having a left hemi and chemo.I suffered from abdo pain from about 6 months after treatment and ended up having further surgery for division of adhesions. I have been on opoid medication now for 5 years and have been diagnosed with visceral nerve pain.I am trying to find anyone who has had or is going through the same experience.Would be great to hear from anyone........Rachel.  How to live with cancer...struggling to understandHello everyone, I've been lurking here for a few weeks and I've finally decided to ask for some help. My story is long so I'm going to give you the high level: I was diagnosed nearly four years ago with stage IV after they found a large spot on my bowel and my ovary. Both were respected and I did six months of oxaliplatin. Then I was clear for nearly three years...I started to think I was going to be able to move on. Then a little spot comes up on my liver, which they merrily went in and resected, telling me they were super common and shouldn't strsss. I did some maintenance chemo. Then some more little spots come up, one on my remaining ovary, one on my liver again and a tiny speck on my absdomen lining. I had another resection, a hysterectomy and a HIPEC. Then I launched back into oxali again. I finished and wanted to start planning to go back to work. Then, three weeks ago...another speck! A spot the size of a pea is on my pelvic bone. My oncologist said it was a simple case of just zapping it with radiotherapy (which I had five sessions of and its been a breeze, I wish it was all this easy!!) She also said that because they've been picking up and dealing with all these tiny spots, the chances of curing me get slimmer and slimmer and I should just accept that I will never be cured. I'm gutted. Im just so gutted. For almost three years I enjoyed clear scans and now it feels like it's all been for nothing. When I was first diagnosed, my daughter was 18 months old and I was told I wouldn't see her go to school. Now I'm buying her school uniform next week (im British but in Melbourne Australia) My one also said I should consider my job, I need to be in a position that offers some flexibility as I'll prob have to deal with other blips along the way. This year I've been off I started up my own graphics illustration business on etsy which has been going gangbusters, so I'm considering retraining to become a graphics designer (I'm a product developer already) so that means I would be able to work freelance. This feels like so much I've had to take in. I'm really struggling here. I don't understan how I can just live with this. Also, I'll prob be doing some folfiri next year, which I don't know anything about. I'm scared I'm going to loose all my hair. I'm in a really lonely place and I feel swamped by everything. Can anyone offer any support or advice? Rachel




Folfiri: what to expect?Hello everyone,I'm seeing my oncologist next week and I know she';s going to tell me to do Folfiri. Can anyone here tell me what I should expect? I've done Oxaliplatin (twice now!) so thats the yard stick I can compare to.Is it about the same? With Oxali it would make me feel like crap for at least a couple of days, and I wouldn't feel like myself again until about 5 days later.I did ask in another thread about hair loss - its seems to be 50:50, most saying its not total loss, just thinning. Did anyone loose eyebrows or anything like that?Also how long does it go for? I cannot find any info on that.Any help would be super appreciated.  Rachel