Sometimes you do get good news!I have just had a phone call from my colo-rectal nurse to say that the MRI I had on my liver last Friday has shown that all previous nodules/tumours/damage on my liver have completely disappeared! I was diagnosed 14 months ago with 2 tumours, one on the rectum and one as far away as it could be on the ascending colon, I had the whole of my colon and most of my rectum removed last September and a permanent ileostomy formed, it was found that 8 lymph glands were affected and I was to have 12 courses of Chemo - Oxalyplatin and 5FU. I was scanned pre-chemo and told after 3 sessions that it was bad news and the cancer had spread to my lungs and liver with many nodules/tumours present and that the cancer was now at stage 4. I battled on with the rest of my chemo and was told after 6 sessions that the tumours were receeding. After 12 sessions all tumours/nodules had gone and I was sent for an MRI to look deeper into the liver to see if any damage was left, the phone call this afternoon to say the liver was now totally clear has left me in shock and disbelief! I know there are many of you out there at stage 4 who like me lurch from scan to scan wondering what challenge this disease will play on us next, we've all had bad news and been in that 'dark' place and some of you unfortunately will not get as good news as I got today, this is just for those of you that think things may never get better and for those who've just been diagnosed at stage 4, always keep hopeful. Sometimes we get good news and can rejoice for a while, I know I will have to be ever watchful, in the words of my surgeon, "This will get you one day." But I shall do everything in my power to delay the tumours recurring. I have been positive throughout, I will not let this disease get my spirits down, I live every day at a time and relish every day. I try to boost the spirits of others with bowel cancer and pass on my knowledge to them, I have to make something good come out of this, if not for myself then for my family. My message is, keep positive, fill your day, keep knowledgeable about this disease, inform yourself from the excellent publications on this and other cancer sites. I am so thankful to the friends I have made on here, who lift my spirits on a bad day and to the nurses for their inexhaustable knowledge. Alison  Living on a roller coaster.As some of you know I was due to go into hospital on October 10th for the 1st of 2 RFA ops to my lungs. On Monday at 8am I had an MRI on my liver as my liver consultant wanted to check that what he thought was scarring from previous RFA to it, was scarring and not regrowth. At 9.30am Bob and I left for a holiday in Cornwall. The MDT met the next day to discuss the scan and I phoned my CNS on Wednesday to get the results. She told me it was not scarring, but regrowth and my RFA op on my lungs was cancelled as they don't treat lung mets if there are liver mets. She also said my surgeon wanted to see me ASAP as well next week, this rang alarm bells, why him and not my onco as she'd said I was to go back onto chemo this time with Avastin added. I pressed her about my surgeon, but she just muttered something about he wanted to see me about my stoma as it's been playing up lately. Well............... you know what the mind is like and because now I know a fair bit about spread and complications, my mind went into overtime and I then thought perhaps it had spread to my small bowel, which was why I keep getting blockages again and why my surgeon needed to see me. So of course today I rang my CNS back and told her to stop beating about the bush and give it to me with both barrels! Well, I have several mets on my liver apparently, hence the chemo and not 'lopping a bit off my liver' as my liver man had said previously if there was just regrowth.Yes, I am devastated, chemo never seems to hold back my mets for long, so I realise this 'come back' on my liver is not good news. Going back on chemo is something I'm not looking forward to as I think it's to continue with Irinotecan and 5FU with Avastin added this time, I know Irinotecan worked on my lung mets, but obviously not on my liver, so I have to rely on the Avastin working miracles.Again, I've had to break bad news to the family and friends, I HATE that part, hate it. On the plus side, I feel well, very well, I do have slight twinges under my ribs occasionally which I assume is my liver protesting about the mets, I had noticed this about a week or two ago and had wondered.......I see my consultant surgeon next Friday and my CNS is trying to get me an appt with my onco next week too. She apologised to me for not giving me the whole picture, saying that breaking bad news over the phone is difficult as she can't always tell how patients are taking it, she also found it difficult as we've become good friends, I work with her on awareness days and talking to new patients. She didn't sleep the night she'd only told me half the story.... 'I did'!We had a lovely few days in Cornwall, visiting the Eden project, Bodmin gaol, some wonderful beaches and Tintagel, now we've moved on to Bath for a few days to visit the sights. I was tempted to just go home after hearing the news on Wednesday, but a very good friend on Twitter messaged me and told me not to consider going home, but to make the most of being away. Of course he was right, so we've carried on doing lots of interesting things and had a mega expensive meal in Padstow on the eve of my news to cheer ourselves up. I'm OK now, of course I wish the news had been different, but I shall make the most of every good day I have, this forum has always bolstered me up in the past and I know it will again. Ive already had fantastic support from the nurses this week and others in the office, THANK YOU GUYS!I wish I hadn't had to tell you all this, but know that problems shared make life easier and writing it all down certainly helps me get it off my chest and lays a few demons!Thanks for reading my friends.AlisonHazelmoderator note: I have merged a couple of posts to make this thread:Hazel, you and I have trod similar paths for a few years and supported each other well. Your path is diversifying now and you have a huge op and recovery also change of lifestyle with a colostomy to get used to. My thoughts are of course will be with you throughout, I'm not sure if I'll be able to visit as I've not been too good myself and am still quite weak, but will try my best! You are a strong woman, have had to be, so I know your mindset will be good both pre and post op. Do as you are told in hosp (!) and make the most of being looked after and resting, also eating the right foods for recovery as I previously said to Lisa. Try not to worry about the boys, but I know that can be harder than worrying about yourself, however big they are!Don't worry about your colostomy, that will be the least of your worries and I know you will take it in your stride as you do everything else, it really is just another way of going to the loo, it will just become part of who you are!My love and thoughts will be with you and your boys on Thursday. Big hugs and no heroics as to seeing if you can escape from hospital before you are well and ready!Much love, Alison   