Does this make me a really bad personby lily014 » Sun Jun 07, 2015 4:13 pmA few years ago when i was 17 and I developed a form of OCD where I worried about becoming a pedophile. It's quite a common form of OCD, but I didn't know that at the time and my life was taken over my obsessive intrusive thoughts about being attracted to children. Every time I looked at a child I would try to figure out what I was feeling. I once touched a child's diaper (not their genitals!) to try and see if I had any "response" but I couldn't figure it out. Eventually I became quite suicidal and desperate. I needed to know if I was a pedophile or not, and I thought the only way to know for sure would be to view images or a video that would repulse me enough for me to know that I definitely wasn't a pedo. So I went to google and typed in the words "child porn" and I opened a few links but no illegal images or videos came up. There was one picture of a child posed in a bikini- technically legal but it looked slightly sexual and it repulsed me so much that I cried. I was searching for maybe 10 or 15 minutes before I realised that if a legal image of a child had made me cry then there's no way I could be a pedophile. So I shut down my laptop and have never looked for child porn again. But now I feel really guilty. I could have easily have found and watched child porn and that would be contributing to child abuse (i know i never found anything, but i DID open some links, so the fact i didnt watch anything is kinda irrelevant) which sickens me to the core.It's been two years since this happened and I know that I am not a pedophile, but am I a bad person for what I did? I have been to the police and they told me to forget about it and live my life, but I feel that other people might think that I am evil or sick and deserve to die. Am I in the same class as those who molest children or routinely access child porn for pleasure? Obviously I did not want to watch child porn for pleasure, I was just so desperate because of my OCD. But does this excuse my behaviour? Should I be punished? Am I a bad person? Should I suffer for what I did or feel guilty? Do I need to confess this to people? I feel that people need to know about this because its such a big deal and they might not want to be friends with a sicko like me. I just wanna be a good person, like im going to be a nurse and i want to dedicate my life to helping others but i feel i cant or shouldnt because of this. Also people always say "people with OCD dont act on their thoughts" but I did? I mean I never acted on the intrusive thoughts of actually harming a child, but I did search for the images. Is that acting on the thoughts or is that reassurance seeking? Ugh, please help.