Personality Fragmentationby CyNICAL ME » Fri Jun 12, 2015 5:50 am***I also posted this in the DID forum but I wanted to share it here as well as I think it covers both topics of a DID like disorder and my part of my experience of BPD***For those who are confused, scared, and unsure...as I was, as I sometimes still am....I always have felt so confused. Wondering why I am so different at times. Why I can't seem to understand or relate toconcepts, feelings, and memories people would later bring up to me--claiming that they were things I had said or felt or done before. I. Just. Didn't. Get. it.And I tried so hard to own those previous feelings, and thoughts--but it was like trying to claim someone else's idea--I could only partially understand it, if even that. I could never really feel like you are right! That makes sense for me. Yes, I do have Borderline Personality Disorder, but there was always more to that...It wasn't just mood swings or episodes--though others liked to say oh she's doing it again--you've gone into that mode againBut they just didn't understand, it was, it is more complex than that--and maybe not just for me, maybe for other Borderlines, and then again maybe not.I AM FRAGMENTED. I really do not see or understand myself as one fluid personAnd yet, I couldn't even admit it to myself or rather I had trouble saying it--out loud or insideLetting myself say this isn't me or refer to a part of me in third person. So of course I had extreme difficulty explaining and admitting what was truly happening inside--What I truly thought.Instead I would often try to apply the logic of what I thought I was supposed to thinkLogic that just didn't match what I was actually feeling and thinkingBut now I see, and now I know IT. IS. OKAY.It is perfectly fine to say how you feel, what you feel. NOW--it is true there will be others who will disagree and challenge that, but I also know there will be people who will listen, accept, and validate that it is REAL and it is OKAY. My biggest challenge is not letting them change what I think or feel. What I feel is what I feel. Yes it is okay to grow and change, but that should be something one decides on their own--not because they are SUPPOSED TO feel that way or any other reason. After these two suicide attempts I have realized this, and grown again a little more comfortable with my fragmentation. Family members, friends, my now ex-boyfriend, and staff have let me down--but a very insightful hospitalist and social worker have given me some hope and a much needed push to take control, let go, and accept.If others respond to you negatively then they DO NOT UNDERSTAND you. There is NOTHING wrong with you, but instead it is something lacking in the other person. They do not have the time, energy, intelligence, or are otherwise lacking the things needed to understand you. And if this is the case then do not make excuses for them or blame yourself, instead move on and keep trying to find someone who will listen and be there for you.reading again "I hate you--Don't leave me" I have become aware again of my BPD and what that entails. But especially my extreme need to find COMFORT in OTHERS. And I realize...sometimes I can't have that. Sometimes I will be all alone. Sometime I will have to comfort myself. For me though, I comforted myself with another part of myself. I want to accept them, and love them all. They are like me...alone, hurting, and afraid...And so I want to teach them, love them, help them grow, and even rely on them. I think, I hope this will be something that helps me FINALLY in my growth and healing...I hope my experience can help others as well. Even if it does not, I just wanted to share this.Thanks for reading.