Do i sound like i have BPD? I need help...by fri_day_night » Sun Jun 07, 2015 10:17 pmHello! Alright so I just want to put out that I am not asking for a diagnoses just wondering what you guys think.... I relate to almost every BPD symptom there is. This all started in 7th grade when I was 11, stuck with me ever since.... 1) My moods constantly change. One little thing could trigger my moods. One min I could be EXTREMLY depressed where I hate everything, think nothing is worth it, contemplate suicide etc. One min I could be EXTREMELY happy where I love everything, think life is worth it, think suicide is stupid. I also get angry every easily. Little things piss me off. Everything kind of pisses me off to be honest. I can also feel my emotions run throughout my body. 2) Jealously... I get jealous all the time. If my friends are talking to other people I get jealous. If my friends hangout with other people I get jealous. I stalk peoples social media and just get jealous of their lives. If someone gives my friend more attention than me I get jealous. I get jealous over everything. It makes me feel like dirt.3) Love and hate... I can go from LOVING someone, thinking their the best, daydreaming about hanging out with them, feeling so happy that I am with them but if they say or do one thing that pisses me off that LOVE goes straight to HATE, I actually mean HATE. I will wish death upon that person, I don't want to be with them, everything they do or say will make me cringe...even down to the way they pronounce their words. 4) No guilt... I can lie, steal, manipulate and not feel any inch of guilt. If I need something, I honestly don't care who I hurt as long as I get what I want. Once I get what I want I am happy. I feel no guilt. I also believe that I am capable of killing. I would NEVER EVER EVER EVER do it but I just know I am capable of it. I know I can do it without feeling any inch of guilt. 5) People leaving me.... I will let people walk all over me as long as they stay with me, when I meet someone who I "love" and think highly of I would do anything to hangout with them and be with them. If they don't respond to my messages right away or they don't answer asap I will think they hate me and start making up these false accounts that they never liked me, I am not their first option etc.6) Self image... I hate the way I look, I hate everything about myself. From my hair down to my toes. I don't like looking in mirrors, I don't like taking pictures, I don't like anything about myself. I honestly believe I am one of the ugliest people in the world. Every time I look in the mirror I look different... I look like a different person, I have different features. 7) Derealization... Lots of the time I feel like I am in a dream... I am in a different plane of existence. I feel like I am watching myself from 3rd person.  Identity.... I don't know who the hell I am. I am always changing who I am. I change my views, opinions, thoughts, depending on who I am with. I also am always changing my goals for the future and my style. It interferes with my every day life.9) Maladaptive daydreaming....I started doing this around 2 years ago where I would just listen to music all the time and day dream about things, while pacing around my house. It helps me with the loneliness that I go through daily. There's so many more little things that I do every day that back tracks to BPD... Does it sound like I might have it? I am young. Under 18 but no way in hell is this "teenage hormones" this is hell. complete hell! waking up is torture........