BPD, Cyclothymia or both?!by CVS » Wed Jun 03, 2015 8:08 pmHiya,So my boyfriend is on the waiting list for therapy as it is suspected that he has cyclothymia. I had a few questions though as I am concerned he may have traits of BPD aswell or maybe it is just BPD. I dont know. (Will also post this in the cyclothymia forum).His moods change so quickly which is why im unsure now about it being cyclothymia. He can be depressed and suicidal (thoughts, no plan to take action) on a friday morning then by evening he is normal and then he goes bright hypomanic for a few hours and is really happy and planning elaborate ideas, projects etc but never really finishing them. Then my night time he's 'dark hypomanic' and is very irritable, angry, impatient. I hate that phase the most as he can be very nasty to me and argues with me for no reason at all or the smallest of things. He uses his words a weapon and he often tries to break up with me. He says he is worried I'll f*** him over and misunderstands everything i say and attacks me verbally. Then a few hours later he's back to baseline and is apologising profusely. Then we'll go to bed and he'll wake up in a different mood! At the start of our relationship he was getting triggered by thoughts that we would eventually break up and he got very low. He tried breaking up with me because 'It will end eventually, might aswell do it now'. He's gotten over that but now the break up attempts are if we've argued cos he's kicked off at something insignificant or for my sake as he says he doesnt want to put me through this although i have told him that i am not going anywhere and im gonna help him through this.He probably on average has about 2 depressive episodes, 2 bright hypomanic episodes and 4 or 5 dark hypomanic episodes per week. The smallest of things, something i say or a worry he has will set him off! He gets mixed states sometimes where he is depressed and hypomanic in the irritable, argumentative way. I never know whether I'm coming or going and neither does he. He uses substances alot too to hide his emotional pain  He changes his mind about everything several times a day, he's so indecisive.Can it be cyclothymia if he changes so often or could it possibly be BPD or both?