Addicted to toxic men? Can't be happy with just oneby elle2442 » Sat May 16, 2015 2:55 pmSo at the moment I'm really struggling. I was unofficially diagnosed with BPD at the age of 14 (a psych mentioned it to my family just casually, no one told me for years) and was officially diagnosed at 19. All of my relationships with men have always been toxic. My first ever proper boyfriend was emotionally abusive, would regularly tell me how fat and worthless I was (he once told me to get ready because he was taking me out for dinner, and then when he got to my house he said he had lied he just couldn't stand seeing my hideous face without make up on) and I stayed with him for three years. After I ended that relationship I moved 100km away from all of my friends and family and started sleeping with everything that moved. I became insanely attached to this one guy (let's call him N) that I knew was moving interstate, had just gotten out of a toxic relationship himself, was quite a large drug user and was incredibly emotionally manipulative (he once answered the phone while having sex with someone else just so I knew he was with another girl). After my friends intervened and told N I was too emotionally fragile for his mind games and he called it off I overdosed. I ended up continuing to stay in contact with this person for over a year after he called it off, all while still sleeping with any guy that would look at me for long enough.When I was 15, I met a guy (let's call him J). He was a few years older than me but instantly I was obsessed. Our friendship formed very quickly and intensely and I wanted nothing more than for him to love me. Our friendship started off with a mutual sexual attraction but we understood each other, my mother passed away when I was young and his mother has also passed away and he just got me. I grew up in this tiny little country town surrounded by rich kids with perfect lives and I was always the weird girl that was in and out of psych wards and was raised by her grandparents and was abused at home and had no one, and finally I had found someone who had gotten it. J got me, but over time I would realize J's problems ran too deep for him to ever give me what I needed emotionally, we could never be more than just friends. He wasn't capable of the emotional stability and commitment I so desperately craved from men. So we remained friends and I continued to seek attention from any guy within a 30km radius. My first ever serious boyfriend got jealous of my connection with J and made me cut off all contact with him. It absolutely gutted me not having J in my life, it felt like a part of me had died and I missed him for the whole three years that I was with my abusive ex boyfriend. When I finally ended that relationship, I got back in contact with J. He was hurt for me abandoning him years earlier and it took months to get him to trust me again, but he re-built me. I had no self-esteem when I left my first boyfriend and moved away and J fixed that. He made me whole again. The problem with J was and still is our intense sexual chemistry. When we first re-connected, he had a girlfriend that I was not very fond of and that he had told me he wanted to break up with, so of course I did everything in my power to be to most tempting, desirable mistress I could be and ruin his relationship for my own validation and to feel wanted. J eventually broke up with his girlfriend, we slept together once, but I had just met a really great guy who was really serious about me and J was still too emotionally unavailable (he's diagnosed with Bipolar but I can definitely see some BPD traits) so I settled for just being friends with J and seeing where things went with this new, great, emotionally stable guy.I currently have an absolutely amazing boyfriend that I've been seeing for about a year, and yes it is that great emotionally stable guy that I stopped sleeping with J for. He is kind, and understanding, and intelligent, and he is so supportive of my mental health and takes care of me so well. I well and truly love him and see a future with him. But I can't stop craving attention from these toxic men. I stayed friends with J and would speak to him on a nearly daily basis, constantly flirting and sending suggestive photos and nearly every time I got drunk I would message him and ask if he was in love with me. My current boyfriend was very understanding of my friendship with J, he knew we had been through a lot together, but there was an incident when my boyfriend saw some messages that I had been sending to J (my boyfriend doesn't go through my phone regularly, I had taken off in a very suicidal state and I had said I was going to the chemist but he didn't believe me and was looking through my phone for clues as to where I had gone, he has done this before and it turned out I was in hospital and the police had to get involved - he only does it when I'm in a suicidal state, it's not a trust thing) that were of a sexual/flirty nature and he was not impressed. He threw all my stuff on the lawn and said I had a choice, I either fully commit to this relationship and cut J out of my life or I leave because it wasn't fair of me to basically emotionally cheat on him. I completely understood his anger, and I freaked out at the idea of losing my perfect boyfriend and having nowhere to live so I told J we couldn't speak anymore because my boyfriend saw our messages and was making me choose. A few days after this occurred, because I swear toxic men have a radar, after months of no contact N started messaging me in the middle of the night asking why I hadn't been talking to him. I said to him because I was happy without him and he didn't have a place in my life anymore and he just got all up in my head about how my relationship won't last because I'm too mentally unwell and my boyfriend's clearly way too over protective and I'm not the kind of girl that can settle down and that it'll be another three months and I'll be begging for him to show me attention again. I told my boyfriend about this conversation and he said N was toxic and I should block him.So in summary, my current boyfriend made me cut off contact with both N and J and it's driving me nuts. I feel like part of me is missing, particularly in relation to J. What's wrong with me? I have an amazing boyfriend who loves me and thinks I'm gorgeous and wonderful and tells me so everyday, but it just isn't enough. I need the validation from other guys. I finally have a stable relationship, so why cant I be satisfied with it? N and J were both toxic, J was constantly bringing up our sexual past and saying I had changed and wasn't being true to myself and that I needed to be single and be the real me again, and N was just manipulative and toyed with me for fun. So why can't I let them go? It's currently 1AM and I'm hoping and praying N will find a way to contact me in some way, shape or form, for no real reason other than to feel good that it's been years and he still thinks about me.For the first few weeks after getting rid of J I cried daily, I honestly felt like I was going through a break up. The guilt of abandoning him killed me, I just kept thinking how heartbroken I would be if the situation was reversed and he had cut me out of his life.My boyfriend doesn't know about this but I contacted J and explained how sorry I was for abandoning him and how I thought I'd made the wrong choice and that I couldn't live without him in my life. J said he was sick of me and the rash decisions I make in my life, he said I was selfish, the only person I ever care about is myself. and that he had never felt more used by anyone than he had by me. He said he felt nothing towards the situation, I had numbed him. He just wanted me to go away.It was upsetting at first but it gave me a little bit of closure, I felt like maybe things were finally done the way they were supposed to be, but I still can't stop thinking about it. I can't stop thinking about the fact that if things work out in the long run with my current boyfriend, I will never have J in my life ever again. I'm miserable. I'm terrified that I will never be able to feel truly satisfied and validated with just one man and will constantly crave the attention of others. Will I ever get to be happy? Am I doomed to just dwell on the toxic men of my past and wish they were still in my life? Will I just find more men to fill the void in my life, all the while damaging and sabotaging my perfectly healthy and functioning relationship?