My storyby kah80 » Sun May 31, 2015 8:19 pmHi,Well I've been posting here for a while, and people know some of my main issues by now. But I wanted to just tell the story of my past. I feel it's important for me to do so, and as I read all my doctors letters the other day, I can remember more than I could before.Maybe people can relate, maybe not. Maybe no one will have anything to say to what I post, but that's ok. I just need to tell the story.Unlike many people here, I was not abused or purposely neglected anything like that as a child. However, I did feel neglected. I know my parents loved me, but for some reason I didn't feel that, at least not all the time. When I was 2, I had a brother who died aged 3 months from cot death. I don't consciously remember it, but I guess it affected me. My mum once said that I became a lot more clingy after that. I was never a happy child. I remember once sitting crying on the stairs whilst my grandmother told me how much happier my mum was than me when she was my age. I remember I used to bang my head against the wall for attention, once I tried to staple my hand. At school once, a girl fell over and got a lot of attention. I was jealous so I scratched my knee with a stick and told my friend I'd fallen over, but she told me she knew I'd done it to myself. I went home and told my parents that I'd fallen over and my friend had accused me of making it up. The next day I confessed as I felt guilty for lying.My dad used to work long hours and I barely saw him when I was growing up. When he was there, he was angry and didn't pay me much attention. He used to smack me, but back then that was pretty normal. I was scared of him though. Even at a young age I had obsessions with people, I fixated on them and wanted them to be my friends. I remember being 7 and being obsessed with a girl aged 5. I had a lot of ear problems as a child. They got better, and the first mention of any psychological problem occurs in my doctor letters when I was 10. I reported ear pain and they found no cause, so they wrote it could be a psychological issue. Between the ages of 12 and 16, I had 5 seizures. I had two EEGs and one brain scan and they showed no medical issues but I got treated for epilepsy anyway. Before each seizure I got a strange feeling of unreality. Looking back, they must have been psychological.In between, we moved house when I was 13. I was very shy and was terrified about leaving my friends. When I joined a new school, I hung out with a group of kids but was so shy that I barely said anything to them. I was very unhappy.At 14, my doctors notes report me having 'a strange feeling of things being unreal almost every day'. I remember being terrified thinking that I was in a coma or something. My parents apparently were very worried and thought there was something not right with me.At 17, I got an eating disorder, which lasted until I was 20. i got referred to an eating disorder unit when I was 18. They reported in the letter I read that I had many traits of OCD, in particular relating to food. I remember I developed the eating disorder because I read that people were eating too much fat. I thought 'I'm going to get fat!' My periods stopped for 2 years, I was scared to put on any weight in case I didn't stop gaining weight. I set myself a strict limit about how much fat I could eat. Even now, I feel guilty if I eat a lot and I'll only let myself eat certain things once or twice a week.At age 19, my mum reported a worry about my lack of social life, and doctors reported that I seemed much younger than my age. I was at uni then, and I hated it. I went home every weekend, made only one friend and spent the vast majority of time in my room studying. I made myself do 3 hours study every day. I panicked every time I had to go back to uni as I felt I had nothing in common with anyone.i used to literally count down the hours until I could go back home.My first obsession was with a girl on my uni course, for 2 years. I told no one. I struggled with being attracted to women. I hated myself. I also obsessed over certain female celebrities.At age 23, I was referred to a mental health team but it didn't get very far as I was too shy to say much. The letter from the doctor said 'she concerns me... She's a very troubled young lady... She seems reluctant to talk to her family, I suspect that family relationships are an issue'. The report from the mental health team said 'work and relationships seriously affected' and ticked the boxes for phobia, anxiety, depression and relationship issues.At 24, I had what I think now might have been a nervous breakdown, but I didn't report it to the doctor. But I did write a letter to the doctor in which I said I needed to be signed off work because I couldn't be around people, they upset me. I felt suicidal and kept going to the toilets to hurt myself. I got signed off work for 6 weeks in the end. The doctor said I felt a burden on my friends and felt angry with myself and other people. The next letter was from 2008. In between, I had several relationships. One of them dumped me because of my moods. Another because I was too clingy, she went on holiday and I panicked about her leaving. I hated being single and always wanted to be in a relationship. After one of those relationships I took an overdose, but it wasn't enough to do any damage.At 28, I was referred to a doctor at work. The letter says my colleagues were worried about my depression, that I texted them late at night, threatened self harm and had emotional reactions to a colleague leaving, this was a woman I was obsessed with.At 29 I met my current partner, and things were a lot better until last year, although there were problems with me thinking she was going to break up with me all the time etc. but generally she filled the emptiness for a while. A couple of years ago I started hurting myself every time she turned me down for sex. Before we got engaged, she said 'I'm not even sure if you'll believe I love you if I propose'.Something happened last year to bring out my issues worse again. I had an obsession with a colleague and that ended when I got my current obsession. Most of my friends left my work and I didn't feel popular anymore. The honeymoon period with my partner ended so while I love her, I don't feel like I have her attention as much as I used to. I started hurting myself again and feeling angry with people and empty. A colleague got hit by a car and I felt jealous. All of this built up and I started counselling.I believe I might have traits of BPD, DPD and OCD. I'm trying to get a proper diagnosis and wish I'd had more help and been more open when I was younger.I'm finally done. Thanks for letting me tell my story.