Need help to get over thisby kah80 » Wed Jun 10, 2015 7:27 pmI've mentioned this topic many times before and I feel like a broken record, sorry if I annoy anyone. But I need help getting over this.There is this woman, L, at work who I developed an obsession with last October. I got way too far into the obsession. I have a fiancée yet I spend most of the day at work every day fantasising about L. Every time she gets up, I watch her. When she's talking to someone, I listen. I email her telling her stuff about me to get her attention. Everything about her seems perfect to me.It's like an addiction. When she told me two weeks ago that she was leaving the job, I kind of went into shock. My counsellor tells me I have bereavement symptoms. For the whole weekend afterwards I was in a daze. Friends tell me I was 'not there'. I feel panicky. When I think about her going, I feel sick.Today, we had a meeting with a few of us as I'm taking something over from her when she leaves. My boss was there and he said many times 'when L leaves' etc. every time I felt worse and worse until by the end I was feeling pretty ill. It was when he said 'she leaves two weeks on Friday' that I felt the worst. I feel it's only going to get worse until then. I have to have constant meetings with her about the work she is giving me. She sits right behind me. It's not like I can avoid her. There will be leaving drinks and a leaving presentation. Then she is gone.I am worried I will start crying during one of these meetings or events or that I won't be able to handle it when she says goodbye to me. I am running out of time to get over this.I'm not sure if anyone else here has been in a similar situation? This happened to me 7 years ago and it was so bad then that I was made to see the work doctor as people were worried about me. If anyone has any advice on how to handle this without falling apart, I would appreciate it.My self-harm has got more frequent since I knew she was leaving. Once I even scratched an L into my arm.