CBT failure and other tangentsby frostfern » Sun May 24, 2015 1:55 pmCognitive Behavioral Therapy is the typical thing they do for "depression". Anyone else here find the entire premise of it wrong and useless? They push this idea that "thinking more rationally" can reduce emotional reactions. Maybe this fits with some evidence in that physically the frontal lobe can modulate emotions in neurotypical people. The problem is none of it fits with my experience, and therefore I find it invalidating. I have a degree in mathematics. I'm already a logical thinker. It's just that emotions are much more powerful and urgent. I'm already a thinker and a skeptic it doesn't make it any easier. I don't think too little. I think too much. I'm too damn intelligent for my own good. Intelligence only makes me obsessively analyze everything. It makes me worse. Even if the worst case scenario has only a 1% chance of being true, it will still drive me crazy.I don't "hate myself". I get extraordinarily frustrated and feel like I have to take that emotion out on something. I take it out on myself because it has nowhere else to go. I can't take it out on others or I'll wind up in prison. I have emotions I don't know what to do with so I play a role. The things I say aren't necessarily what I believe intellectually. I act out what I feel because I have no idea what else to do. Even when I exaggerate and characterize I feel like there's a grain of truth. I'm sarcastic, but people take it literally. If someone rejects me I might say the person "hates me". Call that immature? Sure. Fine if that's how you define maturity. Don't correct me though as I'm not an idiot. I know people don't literally hate me. If someone rejects me I secretly wish they hated me because hatred is more tolerable than indifference. I'd rather be hated than misunderstood. I'd rather be hated than passively neglected.Does this ring a bell with anyone else? On my hospitalization sheet I only see "Mood Disorder NOS" and "Personality Disorder NOS" with a question mark (WTF?). I suppose this means they simply don't have a clue how to label me. I already know I'm not a classic case of BPD, but I suspect I'm somehow in the same spectrum of emotional dysregulation. I'm also vaguely on the autism spectrum but not a classic case of that either as I'm far more emotionally in tune with people than most who would be considered autistic. I realize labels are somewhat artificial, but I only obsess over them because there's a part of me that wants an identity (which is ironically BPDish).I'm not asking for diagnosis or anything. I just want to know that I'm not completely alone. I feel so alone. I know I'm fishing for relatability (can't think of the right word). Forgive me if it's obnoxious. It may be that nobody in the world will ever totally get me and I just have to learn to be okay with that. I'm just struggling.