Dressing more nicely at workby ShakyCore » Sat May 30, 2015 11:50 amI feel pretty silly posting about something like this and being upset about it… This past week I just came back to work (part time, for now) after 2 months absence during which I was hospitalized 5 times (UC, major flare-up, no response to steroids), had emergency surgery at one point and kinda came close to dying a couple of times… and yet right now the main source of stress in my life has to do with clothes . The thing is, I’ve recently decided that I want to make some changes in my life and start neglecting myself a little less in different areas of my life (food, clothes, cleanliness of my environment, etc’). So I recently bought myself nicer looking clothes and even some jewelry and wore them a couple of times to work this past week. I did get positive feedback from my coworkers who were like “oo, you look great in that!” (they also seemed a bit in shock because they’re used to seeing me dress like a homeless person) and I found that encouraging and it motivates me to want to keep it up…So… as for why this is a source of major stress for me… it’s got to do with the fact that once upon a time (I can’t pin point exactly when) I pretty much “decided” that I was done with this world and with the human race and I walled myself off from it emotionally. Sure, eventually I did manage to get out of complete isolation and started being able to get close to some people (especially online) under some circumstances and to some extent… but even so, I never did get around to dropping some pretty firm defense mechanisms that have been keeping me in a nice warm isolated bubble inside which most people (or at least IRL ones) are nothing more than a blur of sound and color. In that state it has never been a big deal how I dress or how I appear to others… because I had them totally blocked out. Now, however, I’m thinking of changing all the rules and dressing nicely… which means giving thought to the way I appear to others… which mean acknowledging that other people exist and investing energy into what they think and… to make matters worse… presenting myself as a potential peer… as though I could ever be their equal… and as though I could ever compete in their social games. I am terrified of being seen by the people around me as an equal. It would mean they would start having expectations from me that I don’t think I’ll ever be able to live up to. It could also potentially mean being seen as a potential threat by some. It could also mean that I might, in theory, start getting or feeling close to some of them… and that feeling of closeness would open such a Pandora’s box of extreme emotions and tension and anxiety from every time any of them so much as gives me a look that “may or may not be disapproval and the first sign that that person suddenly decided to hate me for some reason and now my life might as well be over because it’s pointless and worthless!”… if you know what I mean.On the other hand, I do want this change in my life. I do want to dress nicely and… that part of me that wants to dress nicely also kind of does want to have a life… one that would involve getting to know people and networking and all that stuff. It’s just that there are other parts of me that are soooo anxious over that idea. I’m not sure exactly how to overcome that anxiety… (and giving up on the idea of positive, healthy change, just to feel less anxious, is something I don’t want to do). Any thoughts?