Example of DBT Experience?by TinyToad » Sun May 31, 2015 7:57 pmAfter I get settled in with a new psychiatrist, I think I might try to find a professional that can do DBT so that I can give it a try. I have looked at articles about it and I can tell that I have never had a therapist before who has used that approach. Whenever I try therapy it winds up being the case that I just spend sessions talking about the past mostly my childhood or venting about people in the present while the therapist does not talk much and just seems to placate me. The problem is that while it feels therapeutic in the moment it does not really help me at all because I have been obsessing about the past for pretty much ever and I feel no different after sessions, sometimes just riled up even more than usual. I never see the point of therapy because that is always how it goes. I had one therapist who tried EMDR with me and it had no effect in the session but hours later I became extremely enraged and unstable but there was never any resolution or understanding for me. I stopped seeing that therapist because I saw her as menacing from then on.I am wondering exactly how DBT therapy would be different? Based on what I have read they teach you how to understand yourself better but if that is all it is then I will not bother to waste the energy and money. I already understand that I am disordered and crazy and that it has to do with my childhood and my brain. It is not like I am unaware that I have issues and mess up my life all the time and am miserable. That is just a big DUH. So if all it would be is a therapist telling me how I am irrational then I will probably just get very agitated and stop going. But if there is actually something they can teach me to make my mind different then I would be interested but I do not really see how that is possible. BUT if there are so many who have tried it and had success then there must be something to it right?Can anyone share a DBT experience and how it worked and how it helped?