Good Girl Syndromeby Callalily » Sun May 31, 2015 8:42 pmHello BPD Forum,There's this aspect of my personality that I totally despise, and I wonder if any of you guys struggle with it. I'm one of those classic first-world middle-class white girls who grew up with all kinds of expectations thrust upon her; nothing I did was ever good enough, praise was hard to come by, etc. Esp. from my dad. This has left me an obsessive perfectionist with terrible self-esteem, the typical people-pleasing woman who tries to make sure everyone's doing just great all the time and no one is ever mad at her. And, to me, the worst thing I inherited from it is the overwhelming need for approval and reassurance. Don't get me wrong: there are times when praise is great and healthy and genuinely rewarding. What I hate is that I get off on it even when it isn't. Even when the approval comes from someone I totally dislike and have no respect for, or for doing something I actively feel is wrong and fked up and that never should have been asked of me. For example: my boss who gets paid 3x what I do regularly spends the day at the golf course while I'm working 18 solid hours without a break. What an ass, right? Nevertheless, when he shows up at work and tells me what a good job I did, and acts impressed for 5 minutes and pats me on the head or whatever, I'm still like "Durrrrr thank you sir!" And I HATE that. It makes me feel totally disgusting that I let him get away with that $#%^ in exchange for his "approval." Why do I care about what this selfish, entitled jerk thinks about me? why do I feel good when someone praises me for $#%^ they have no business asking for? For suffering/enduring something horrible, denying myself, silencing or stifling my feelings or just generally allowing myself to be abused and taken advantage of? Unfortunately, being female, that's exactly the stuff I get rewarded for. Hence, "Good Girl Syndrome." Here's are some things I've been told I was a good girl for doing:It provokes this weird mixture of disgust and pride and resentment, like I want to rip the guy's eyes out even while I'm sitting there grinning adorably. Do you guys ever experience this? Have other examples? I feel like a trained rat. How can I stop being this way?