choosing to be alone even though I fear itby oath » Sat Jun 06, 2015 7:10 pmI don't get it. My biggest fear is ending up alone...I do so much just to avoid abandonment from those I love. I plot, I obsess, I manipulate, I do impulsive stuff that puts me in a bad position...And yet, when someone makes the effort to reach out, I push them away and I end up alone anyway. There's a girl I know who wanted to be my friend and made a lot of effort to reach out to me and hang out even when I turned her down. So I went out a few times with her. Today she's having a small get together and she invited me along with some of our other mutual acquaintances. The thought of going terrified me (I didn't know why until I thought about it) so I ignored her invite. So one of our friends started pushing me saying I really should go, because we don't often get to spend time all together, and that it would be fun. He offered to pay for my ride there and everything because he just wanted me to go. Like he went out of his way to ensure I was going, he even called me later in the day yesterday to ensure I was still on board. I woke up this morning and I couldn't get out of bed and I felt like I was going to have a panic attack. Then I realized why I have this fear of going. It's the fear of emptiness. Putting me in a group like that...I get quiet because I don't have much to say or contribute to a conversation. Because I feel so empty. Because I feel like there's so little substance to me. I feel like if I spend too much time with a person they will discover that all there is under the surface is a big empty space. So on one hand I am afraid of being "revealed" to be nothing. On the other...it just forces me to face how empty and horrible I really feel on the inside. So I texted him and said not to bother to pick me up. It would take everything I have to be there, and I can see myself being the guy who gets uncomfortably drunk. And as I was writing this I think I upset my dad, because he started talking and all I could say was "what?? what do you want?" because I feel so overwhelmed with everything. It's like instead of doing anything for myself or anything with people, I'd rather just sit here in my underwear at the computer feeling completely miserable. What kind of life is that?