Paranoia Problemsby TinyToad » Sun May 31, 2015 2:50 amParanoia is a major problem for me and often presents with outright delusion, but I only ever realize this in retrospect, and will even then still change my mind about a memory many times. I am never able to trust anything or anyone, and it makes treatment extremely hard.Whenever I start working with a therapist or a psychiatrist, in the beginning my emotions seem to all disassociate away. This makes things very easy at first when it comes to working with the therapist or taking medications to help. But just like with all of my relationships, eventually I become very afraid of my psych workers and feel that they are trying to make me upset, trying to trick me, don't really know what they are talking about, think I am pathetic and mocking me and so on. I start to dread my therapy sessions and get terrible anxiety. I become afraid and very angry about my medication and feel like my emotions are valid and that they are trying to numb me into submission. I get extremely worked up and go from very scared to very angry, but confrontation scares me so I just quit showing up for appointments and eventually get very bad again. Then eventually I have some sort of crisis and am back at square one.I am making an appointment next week to start with a new psychiatrist, and maybe eventually a therapist, but I feel like it is all pointless and I am doomed, because I have been through this so many times and it always turns out the same way. It is like eventually and inevitably in my brain, the therapist or psychiatrist will turn into someone from my childhood who was abusive, and everything they say or do will seem like it is just like how the person from my childhood was. When I am calmer like right now I know that this is probably a wall I have to break through in the recovery process, but I am never able to because I become so terrified and paranoid and furious that I can't handle even seeing the professional anymore, it is too overwhelming. When I have these episodes, I can see evil amusement in their eyes and I get completely freaked out, have panic attacks and get so angry that I will think about it for hours and get so mad and worked up and then take it out on myself and never go back to therapy again.Has anyone else struggled with this sort of problem? Were you able to overcome it somehow, any advice or input from your experience? I feel like I have to figure out a way to make it work, because I am a legal adult and these are paid professionals, so if I get scared and angry and quit showing up, it is not like they are going to come looking for me and try to help me get through it. But I get so scared and angry every time at some point that I can't handle going back anymore. I don't know what to do. I am about to try again with a new psych and therapist duo but I feel like it's pointless.