Lovetriangle/Impulsivity/Loneliness/BPDgirlFromSwedenby poisonivy-1992 » Sun Jun 14, 2015 12:39 amhello everybody, i would love to write down the mess bpd made of my life right now...I am sitting around here, totally mad. i drank red wine, smoked pot, and had a diazepam or two or three. these days i need everyday "something". yesterday it was wodka. the day before pot. and mostly its pot. i feel bad these days cause i was abused by my ex-bf A (possibly narcissist) in public(a week ago).we had a weird on off story i used him for many things-that day we had a fight cause i didnt want to talk he actually followed me then after me being ignoring him..then he pushed me and stroked me IN PUBLIC --total psychopath.. its pretty sad. i cant control my feelings of loss, anger, selfhatred, hatred towards him  - just gotta numb it down. it happened a few days ago but he and i have not talked since then. i feel really ###$ UP.  .. but then again i think i might have deserved it .... my other ex-bf B is an addict, and he is or was my big love  . but he has always treated me like a object.. was extremely egoistical and cruel. i had health issues (and tons of depressions) last years but he never ever cared about me/for me----it was mostly sweet talk or bad fights. and yes.. sometimes he was the sweetest man, and the sex was beyond everything, but i really think that he is an asshole (possibly bpdnpd traits among the drug addiction-but he is sober now i think). now, i am totally ###$ up, because i really love him, and the other one raped me...  . .. i know that exbfB would not tolerate that i was meeting exbfA at given time, and totally reject me in spite of the rape. i feel so neglected. AND ANGRY... i have so many affaires with the strangest men right now and worked as an escort- i needed to feel that kick, sexually, i am promiscous..cant stop it-need the attention. i already got in so many weird situations with my 22 years. I was sexually abused (someone has put something in my drink i dont remember much),had a stalker for three month ---wich was so enerving and scary, had an suicide attempt, had an abortion wich i regret, did terrible things i dont want to talk about yet..i cant deal with many of these things. my childhood was a mess too.. I dont have many friends any more and think that everybody that hangs out with me really hates me.. i think thats the reason i got so many affaires, to put up with my loneliness, but sex just makes me sick. i want to be with my love exbfB, but he is sick aswell  ..i am now sure he never loved me cause all this destruction in my life would not be that way if we had some kind of TRUE LOVE-....a few hours ago i visited him.. at his parents place, and got really angry cause i checked his phone (he wrote with a few dumb people from his drug-past and girls)..then we fought.. then i ran out and started to act out on the (pretty cared-for) flowers in front of the house, inspite of the fact that his parents couldve seen me, then ran away, then wrote a breakupandhatemessage to the guy... really bad things.. ((..i already regret... impulsively getting mad at things/people/flowers is something i hate. *sigh* .. i just feel so lonely and neglected, i want to die. or kick flowers. sorry for writing this confused stuff. i feel so lost.anyone, what could i do?? where might this end? i am scared.. is there anyone who is ######6 everything up, too? bad jobs, bad guys, bad habits(selfharm, drugs), bad luck, bad love, again-bad drugs, no family, nobody, no where, almost no friends, almost no success(being a lazy college student- did not give up, though) ... does this sound familiar to anybody? ((( i am sorry for my english, i am from sweden. i wish i wasnt alone with my crazy mind... :/stay strong everybody... .even if i dont know how.greets..POISON IVY