I feel like im dating my father..by venomxo » Fri Jun 12, 2015 7:14 pmSo i have been going out with thisguy for almost exactly a year and he iswhat i can only describe as consistently inconsistent. Honestly he drives me f*cking crazy. He is a workaholic who barely makes time to sees me, flakes constantly and goes awol intermittently (usually when i THINK we're getting close).So about 2 weeks ago or so i was fed up. I was feeling genuinely done with him and didn't even care that he was being so ignorant cuz i was just so sick of it. So i tried to end it. What does he do? Minimizes everything I'm saying, makes me feel like im being a drama queen and overstepping without actually saying it, turns to making jokes then says he cares about me and wants to keep seeing me and that he's just "giving me space to date and have fun" and doesn't want to "impose a commitment" on me even tho its obvious i want that eventually and he claims hes only dating me.Anyway i don't even know how it happened but i agreed to keep seeing him. This is the 3rd time i tried to end it and 3rd time he convinced me to stay. Okay so sunday he asks me what my week looks like and i say pretty open so monday he says "im going to try to setup a date for tuesday/wednesday/ or thursday". So like an idiot i believed. Well its Friday and i haven't heard from him since monday. I even triee to let him off the hook wednesday and he didnt respond.Honestly right now i feel so hurt and disrespected and frustrated. Not even that he couldn't make it but that he felt ballsy enough to block 3 days off my week and didn't even give me the respect of a text to say he couldn't make it. I understand being tired and busy for a date but a text takes 30 f*cking seconds.The more i play it through in my head the more it reminds me of my dad. He wantsme "there" but he doesn't want to work on spending time with me, he makes shallow promises, he disappears with no notice. And it all gives me this same sh*tty emotion of feeling like i don't matter.What sucks more than anything is i finally stopped caring and now i care again. I wanna tell him to ###$ off but i can't. Am i just being dramatic or is he actually an ass? Its hard to tell for me sometimes. If its him can he change or should i just walk away?