Standing at a threshold (NOT A SUICIDAL POST)by Tomba » Thu Jun 04, 2015 12:26 pmIt seems it's okay to post whether or not you have been diagnosed as having BPD, so here goes. Mind you I've had counselling before and I am about to contract mental health services again.I'm a 23 year old male and have recently ran into a kind of a stalemate with my mental issues. I was about 18 when my problems started manifesting as panic attacks and I spent a couple of years fighting anxiety and the attacks and recently I've reached a calmer phase. About a year ago I stumbled upon Borderline Personality Disorder and while I am acutely aware self-diagnosis can be potentially dangerous, it has helped me a ton to read about it because it seems to be what I'm suffering from. My dad died when I was 3 or 4 and my mother was an alcoholic. I was taken to a foster family at age 11, though I had already been to one momentarily at a very young age. When I was 15 I was moved to a support center for troubled youth (I have no idea how it translates to English properly hehe) because I had problems with the biological son of the family. I never felt a proper connection with my mother and when she died five-ish years ago I was sad but also confused because of my mixed feelings. If anything it was a kind of a relief she died back then. It took me years to actually say to myself I miss her and that helped me understand a lot about myself.Before the panic attacks I was always a really weird kid. My interests were always as impractical as possible and I was never at rest where ever I was. It was comfortable playing around in my own head, I could get really excited about something as long as it didn't involve patience and longevity. I lived on like this and now at 23 I find myself lacking in many basic skills and basic know-how due to my lack of focus and always being preoccupied by own thoughts to have a look around me. The only way I knew how to live up until a couple years ago was tapping into exciting thoughts such as anything theoretical (I've always loved fantasy but I never had the patience to read much) and sexual in nature. I've had plenty of girlfriends but I've always had a really weird relationship with them, really clingy and desperate yet mean and controlling at the same time. Even now in a more stable relationship I find myself obsessing over fantasies and fetishes and it makes me feel like a pig. I never felt "friends" with friends, they just were random people somehow involved in my life. As a kid I thought I was too bright for other people but then it hit me my concentration problems are giving me the mathematical skills of a mentally disabled person and everything else I do too is severely harmed by it, and that keeping the real world at a distance had little to do with intelligence.I have always been super sensitive and unable to control my emotions. When I haven't been feeling in turmoil there has just been emptiness. I would get really mad or sad and cry my eyes out only to feel completely fine a little later. In my adult life the sad moments have given way to aggression and I've destroyed some furniture at home in moments of blind rage, again only to be a-okay just a moment later. I can't even feel shame about it coz I feel none of that really matters, I have no facade of stability to uphold. Recently I've felt really paralyzed by my fear of losing my cool, and I've realized that I tackle tasks and duties in a very anxious and hasty manner. Instead of going with the flow in everything, picking up practical little tidbits of information and data along the way, I just rush into conclusions and try to find the easiest possible simplification to just be done with it. I recently lost my $#%^ at playing a board game with my girlfriend, and it was the moment I realized a lot about myself. I had played a few games of this Star Wars space ship game where you maneuver your ships to engage the enemy. I felt really tense playing it and I lost my cool when I felt I didn't play as well as I could and felt ashamed I nearly lost to my girlfriend who had her first game going on. I started feeling terrible about myself and my lack of focus, and I realized my thought patterns are really screwed up. By oversimplifying everything I have to kind of regroup of all the data and put it back piece by piece. Kind of like gluing pieces of wood together in a random mess, then pulling it apart and only THEN going by the manual. I got ideas for synergy between different ships, but I forgot to take a look at the maneuver dial and distance markers to see how the game goes on the practical side of things. I had killer ship builds in my head, yet I failed to understand it's better to learn to assess the game turn by turn instead of having grand strategies in mind as a beginner.Anyway, it feels all that boils down to extreme feelings and reactions to the world around me. I am now standing on a threshold where I first thought I had found some sort of peace of mind but all I really do is shut both my mind and the world around me off so I don't do pretty much anything in fear of failure and all the concentration involved. I don't indulge in fantasies as much as I used to and on the whole I'm more living in the real world but I'm afraid to embrace it. I feel powerless against my own impulses and them leading me astray at every turn. I am face to face with the emptiness inside me, and there's little shield against negative feelings. I've killed much of the good feelings I have for I've deemed them more destructive than constructive to my mental health. A good example would be that I stopped fantasizing about my band making it big because it was robbing focus off my ACTUAL practice and progress, but I still haven't found a way to motivate myself to do the little steps. I feel disconnected to both the people and happenings around me now that the fog has lifted. I guess I'm asking if someone has experienced something similar?