Addictive personalitiesby kah80 » Sun Jun 07, 2015 8:48 pmIs it true that people with BPD have addictive personalities? It seems like it to me. Even before I knew anything about BPD I told my counsellor I had an addictive personality. I get obsessed with things very easily. In the past I've been addicted to counting grams of fat in food, developing an eating disorder. I became addicted to hurting myself and those feelings have come back recently. I get very addicted to people. I've never been addicted to alcohol, but I feel like I easily could in the right circumstances. When I looked at my doctors notes recently there was some concern about my drinking. I went through a stage of getting so drunk that I couldn't remember what had happened the next day. I stopped that after one instance of it when I was going out with my fiancée- she asked if I had cheated on her and it bothered me that I couldn't remember whether I had or not as I was so drunk. Even now I love the feeling of being drunk and the taste of the alcohol. I've just come back from a mini holiday where I drank a couple of drinks every night (it was only 3 nights) and now I'm craving cocktails and having stop myself drinking them. I'm addicted to sweets and I have to make a conscious effort not to eat them all the time. I still have elements of my eating disorder and that acts as a counter balance stopping me going mad with sweets.I forgot to add that I also love spending money, my guilt stops me from going mad with it but I love the feeling of buying myself something. I have a strict budget but I'm currently running several months ahead of it- I.e. I'm now spending money that I won't earn until September. I just take it from my savings and keep a note hoping to catch up some day. I've made myself be more sensible as I have to pay for my wedding and honeymoon but I have to try hard to stop myself buying stuff constantly.I do think I have traits of both BPD and OCD and I was wondering whether the above sounds like something other people with BPD have experienced. I know that one of the official traits relates to addictions- I don't have this trait but I could easily go that way given the right circumstances.