Is there really a difference between BPD and Bipolar meds?by TinyToad » Wed Jun 03, 2015 7:01 pmI've read through a ton of the controversy and debate material regarding whether or not medication can help with BPD at all, both sides of the arguments. I feel fairly convinced that medication can help - not cure or solve everything but help - some people - not all - with BPD. The medications I commonly seem mentioned are antipsychotics and mood stabilizers, which seem to be the same ones used to treat type 1 bipolar disorder. Since I have both disorders, I am strongly considering just lying to this new psychiatrist I will be seeing in the near future and just telling them about my bipolar diagnosis. If there is no difference in the medications used to help BPD vs the ones used to control bipolar symptoms, then I do not really see a need to tell them about the BPD diagnosis. I mean sure they might figure it out on their own if they are really paying close attention but since I do not have any readily visible self harm markings and because it has been years since I have had a really explosive fight or a suicide attempt, I am feeling somewhat confident that I can more or less keep my BPD hidden and just get the bipolar meds. My concerns are- Dealing with stigma for the BPD which seems to be an almost inevitable thing IME- Having my bipolar symptoms dismissed and being refused medication, if this professional is the sort who thinks that BPD cannot benefit from medication at all and then winds up blaming everything on the BPDLike seriously IME the stigma has been so bad ever since I was first suspected of having BPD that I do not even want to mention it, I just want them to think I am only bipolar so I can grab some medication and run. If the medication helps which I think it should since I am bipolar then I can consider trying to find a DBT therapist or at least someone who actually understands BPD and is chill with working with BPD clients.I cannot see any reason to mention the BPD to the psychiatrist or to divulge anything that is just BPD related and not bipolar related if the medications would be the same regardless and if mentioning the BPD is only likely to bring me stigma and opposition to getting meds. So is there really any difference with med types or med selections between a person with BPD and a person with bipolar disorder? Is there any possible benefit to telling a psychiatrist that you have BPD? Like would it even matter or do you think it would be safe to just completely skirt around it?