ÊBeautiful personalityI've been rediagnosed with PTSD, i went through a bad patch where i wanted to die all the time. Really depressed. Self harming for the first time in my life. I'd been fine for all of my 20s and then when i hit my 30s it all went wrong. Something happened and the result was PTSD but i was diagnosed with BPD for the first year. I was in hospital a few times, with the HTT a few times. Some p-docs said depression, some said BPD. The problem was, i was told it in such a disgusted tone, such sarcasm, such hatefullness. I was discharged following overdoses at various hours throughout the night, i slept outside the hospital a few times until the buses started up again. I had a hellish time. I'm surprised i didn't die. The worst thing was, being depressed and feeling so shit about yourself anyway, and having been through the trauma which gave me the PTSD, which i didn't realise at the time was happening, the being spoken to so nastily because of this diagnosis, it made the depression worse.ÊI lay in bed in the hospital. The nurses and p-docs would talk about me and i could hear them outside my door. They would say she has a personality disorder and so is probably lying. What's wrong with that one? Personality disorder said in a sarcastic tone. Oh right laugh.ÊThey thought i was attached to other patients. They would say how do you feel now X has been discharged. How the fuck do you think i feel, i don't care, we just talked, people talk in hospital, i don't care if i ever see her again, i wish her well, what the fuck are you on about?I was first told i had BPD by aa p-doc who asked me absolutely no questions. I told her that i had intrusive memories, insomnia, felt on edge. All the symptoms of PTSD basically. Once you have a BPD diagnosis though, they all follow suit. They don't bother to ask you questions, listen to you. You get left to deal with everything on your own, you get told to go home, you get told you aren't depressed but distressed. I was eventually told i had major depression. I was eventually seeing a psychotherapist with the CMHT who told the p-doc he thought i had PTSD, that i had very little symptoms of BPD. I was never listened to before this.The problem is, i still feel like my personality is discoered aka that i am a disgusting person who is bad and whose very core, very person, is disgusting and they made me feel this way through the way they treated me, the way they spoke to me, didn't listen to me.ÊI'm trying to get over this. I've been reading a book and i started telling myself:YOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL PERSONALITYYOU ARE A WONDERFUL PERSONYOU ARE KIND AND HELPFUL AND PEOPLE LOVE YOUYOU ARE A GOOD PERSONYOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL PERSONALITYHow can a diagnosis made you feel like such a gross and disgusting person.Please know that you have a beautiful personlity.ÊI can't get over having been diagnosed with this. My pervious employer even knew about this diagnosis as occupational health wrote to my GP who i thought thought i had depression, but it turned out the p-doc then had written and said BPD without telling me. The secret got out! I was sick with panic.YOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL PERSONALITY.