ÊTheres a thread somewhere in the forums about personality and illness..... (sorry long)I shall find and link it here...link:ÊHow do you know what traits are mental illness and whats ones are personality?its gotten me thinking more about the idea of who i am without BPD.Êthat if i strip away all BPD entails, and the things i do (such as study, care for children etc) then who/ what am i?ÊI know im a person, i have a heart beat, lungs and other organs, i bleed, i have limbs and walk upright so i have to be a member of the human spices. But thats not all of who i am.ÊI know i am caring, kind, i like helping others, i value others, i value honestly, i believe in hope.ÊI am connect to people through various relationship, such as sister, daughter, friend, 'aunty', godmother.Yet i am still not only this.ÊI like purple alot, i also really like butterflies and daisies, and the sounds of a river or stream. I like being in the country and smelling silage. I like the sound of the rain and birds, the smell of fresh cut grass. And i like walking in the bushes, the open air, i like looking at the sky (both at night and day time). I love playing on swings, and the sound of children laughing makes me happy. I even enjoy spending time with children. I lve reading novels and other books, i like colouring in and painting and being creative in general. I like the sound of the violin, piano and guitar.ÊI am a student working towards a social work degree, im 27, im single, i am an independent adult who managed money, i have been/am a caregiver to elderly and children. I want to help others, to make a difference in the lives of vulnerable people.ÊYET... i have this things called BPD, im borderline... "'im walking down the lineThat divides me somewhere in my mind, On the border line of the edge, And where I walk alone" Green Day - Boulevard Of Broken Dreams Lyrics | MetroLyrics. I have this self-destructive nature that has defined me to mental health professionals for the last 10 years, i have been labeled/diagnosed/identified as a patient. I ticked the boxes of 8 out of the 9 criteria in the DSM-V. Everything i do is viewed through this lens by those around that know (including friends but its not as bad as professionals). Being borderline, in some ways means i balance on the edge of various personality disorders (traits?).... that i have various facets of self but nothing that i can pin down. I am scarred- both physically and emotionally. I am an 'adult' who has to re-learn how to 'be' a normal functioning contributing member of society. i have to be rehabilitated fro m the early childhood mis-representations of 'being an adult and coping'. I have to learn to trust again that people wont abandon, leave reject me. That they don't all think of me the way i do. I have to learn how to manage emotions in a safe and reasonable way because what ive always done is dangerous and ineffective- yet i still do it. I have to learn to 'look after/ comfort/sooth myself'.ÊYET I STILL COME BACK TO WHO AM I?So tell me... Who Are You?