ÊBreakup, no friends, in needMy girlfriend, the best friend I've ever had since I was a kid that I've known for a little more than a year, has left me because she said it would not work out because of my BPD. It was understandable since I was having so many intense moods. However, I am deeply disappointed that she has abandoned me in this dark state of my life. The only one that seemed to care walks away to show that she never really did care. I used to get rage at her because of this and suicidal as well, but I am trying my best to use mindfulness to rationalize it and not let suicidal feelings take over. I really wish I had some close friends that cared, but I really have no one. I suppose that is why I am posting here. I currently work a part-time job overnight. The job is very boring, lonely, and long. My life currently consists of working, coming home and trying to distract myself from my thoughts for a few hours, sleeping, repeat. On my nights off I usually just sleep or continue distracting my thoughts. I have dreams of talking to my ex-girlfriend again almost every night, and then wake up and feel like I am suffocating from a harsh reality. It's really, really difficult to work my job right now. Every night of work feels like I'm forcing myself through, and my emotions are very difficult to handle while working. I dread every work night too and it makes my mood so much worse. What can I do? I go everyday without talking to anyone besides a few small sentences with coworkers. Every single day without anybody. The loneliness is extremely harsh beyond what words can convey. The lack of emotional support in this time of deep need is disturbing. I am blindly pushing through each day, just to keep facing the exact same day of excruciating, unending emotional pain. I am only 19 and I live with my parents, and they don't know a thing. They don't know about BPD, my girlfriend, the breakup, how lonely I feel, and they don't seem concerned either. They know I am either working or just sitting in my room and don't seem to care at all. I don't talk to them about these things because we're not close like that, and even if we were, they'd tell my relatives about it and they have their own problems. I am considering quitting my job, but will not know what to do after that. I feel completely alienated from society. I don't have a therapist, but I am trying to get one. There is only one in my area and I can't get a referral from my insurance to see him, but my insurance company has asked for an exception for me to see him and I am currently waiting for a response. I just can't continue like this. I need someone.