ÊOfsted registration as a nanny, declaring BPD - has anyone experience with this?I have a diagnosis of Borderline Personality Disorder and I am currently working as a nanny. The family I work for require me to be Ofsted registered so they can get child care vouchers. I've submitted the Ofsted application and had to do a health declaration form that needed to be completed by my GP or another specialist. I asked the psychologist I see to do the health declaration form for me. She wrote that I have a diagnosis of BPD but she doesn't have any concerns about me working in this role.However Ofsted didn't accept her letter and have now written to my GP. My GP hardly knows me and I don't see her very often. She has said that Ofsted have asked her specifically for details about psychiatric admissions, self-harm and suicide attempts. Unfortunately all of these things have been quite recent (last attempt was June).My GP says she has concerns about me doing the job as I also have a dissociative disorder. However my psychologist who knows me best doesn't share these concerns, but Ofsted are asking my GP to write a letter. I haven't seen yet what my GP has written, but she has said that she has written I self-harm, have attempted suicide and have serious mental health issues. Obviously that isn't going to look good for Ofsted.I am really worried now as the family I work for don't know I have mental health problems. They have been great to work for and have been completely happy with my work. I'm qualified in childcare, have worked with children for over 20 years and have never had any difficulty before, or anyone question my ability to do the job, until this Ofsted application now.My GP and psychologist both think that based on the GP report Ofsted will not register me and will refuse registration. Which feels like complete discrimination and very unfair.ÊI was wondering if there are others out there who have declared BPD to Ofsted and what the outcome has been? Has anyone managed to pass the registration process, or has anyone been refused registration?I'm really worried about all of this as I don't want to lose my job which I love. My mental health does not impact upon my work, I'm really responsible, professional and protective of the child I look after and care for him well.