 Relationships and self-identityIn the various relationships I've been in I've often chosen a partner who has a strong interest or passion about something, something that interests me too to a degree, but is their thing (sport, art, politics, ideas, hobbies etc) . I've got involved to varying degrees, even when it hasn't seemed like my sort of thing, but it's ended up being something I've found I'm interested in too. I've wondered at times what my passion is, why don't I have something that I consider my life's work, that I want to devote myself too? Most things I'm only interested in up to a point, and then it's just meh, that's enough of that. (But actually, now I think about it I suppose my main abiding 'hobby' issomething I've kept the momentum up with for years, and is something I've increasingly got my husband and family more involved in, so maybe there is more self-direction in this than I thought).Another thing I used to do was end up wearing my partner's clothes, one boyfriend I had who wore a certain style of clothing, well I ended up buying the same sort of thing too, and we ended up looking very similar! I don't do this any more, but there was a period from about mid-teenage years to mid-twenties where I did this. And now, another area I struggle to find 'who I am' in is with my home environment. When I lived alone, I felt I could express my tastes and personality through how I arranged my home, but now that I've been in a relationship for a long time I feel I've lost that. Like I've lost who I am. Am I a tidy person, or am I messy? Iused to be tidy, but was that just how I was brought up, in a very strictly tidy home, with very little individuality or self-expression in our surroundings? Now I live in a mess. I don't like it. Sometimes I resent the fact that I used to be able to be tidy, and I seem to have lost that ability, and to have taken on the characteristics of my husband and his family. I have become like them, not just in tidiness, but in many ways  Who am I? What do I like? How much can I impose my preferences on those around me, and on the shared environment? I like to be in control. I like to think of myself as easy-going and accommodating, but I'm not sure I am really.It's not that I'm always a follower, I'm quite independent in a lot of ways, I don't always follow the crowd. But I do find it hard to express disagreement with people, and find it hard to believe I am entitled to my own opinion, and that it is as valid as anyone else's. Basic lack of self-confidence.I used to want to merge with a partner, lose all my individuality in a relationship, or rather, be so close that we were mind-melded in some way. I don't have that yearning now, I don't feel anywhere near as boundaryless/borderless any more. It's not possible or healthy anyway. I suppose as the years have gone on I've got more self-contained, or less threatened by other people's personalities in general, maybe that's just a feature of growing older. I used to feel very critical of myself, and frustrated, for feeling such a blank canvas, now less so.So I suppose what I'm asking is, do other people have trouble knowing who they are? Separating themselves from the goals and preferences that those around them have? Is self-identity and self-determination an issue for other people? And if so, how much does it bother you, and how important is it anyway?