 Aspergers or BPD? Pick up social cues but don't understand them!I posted the following on an aspergers forum, and thought it might be useful to get an opinion from the BPD board... and see if anyone can relate. Ok... I am female, late 20's, thinking I might have aspergers.It is complicted by the fact that I have depression and anxiety, which seems to be from various traumatic experiences and feeling like I didn't fit in/was fundamentally unworthy, which made smaller things traumatic for me. I have memories of feeling like people were cross with me, saw me as 'a diffcult child', yet I tried so hard to be good and felt frustrated and misunderstood. I've always been incredibly sensitive though have tried (fairly unsuccessfully) to hide it, as I was expected to by others ('difficult child', 'attention-seeking', 'making a fuss about nothing'). I feel I need to analyse others' behaviour so I can understand it/predict it and don't accidentally get hurt or make a 'mistake'. For this reason I find it deeply distressing and unsettling if people seem inconsistent in their values/actions. I've been diganosed in the past with Borderline Personality Disorder, athough I don't fit any 'dramatic' traits like severe self-harm, repeted suicide attempts etc., and disputed the diagnosis. I have been accused of being manipulative (not that that's actually a BPD symptom, but people think it is!) even though I've not been, and always try to do the best for people. I've tended to be too much of a people pleaser, in fact. I've found my experiences of the psychiatric system to be traumatising due to feeling utterly misunderstood, blamed for struggling/feeling depressed/overwhelmed, just generally wound up with their (in my view) twisted, illogical and compassionless version of reality. And the untoward experiences that has brought (being verbally abused when suicidal, being held in police cells, etc). I'm seeing a therapist (privately, NHS say I'm too complex/won't engage [aka 'submit']) to deal with the trauma/anxiety/depression side of things.So... yeh. Anyway, in various googlings over the last few years I keep running into ASD stuff. One thing was a description of a meltdown, the sensory overload and the shame when people think you're doing it on purpose. It sounded like me. Yesterday I found a list (connected to this forum!) of female aspergers traits and I fitted almost every one.Thing is, I did the 'Mind In The Eyes' test and scored exceptionally highly. As I recall, I only got two wrong. The funny thing as, one of the answers was that the man was supposedly showing 'hostility', whereas I'd selected 'fear'. Now surely, people act hostile because they are frightened. So by this measure I am even less autistic than the person who made the test! Or alternatively, perhaps this shows I am processing something on an intellectual level (ie. I've reasoned it through to some degree) even though it feels like a split second judgement. Whereas NT's might be expected to instinctively just see 'hostility'. If that makes any sense?I realise there are a lot of criticisms of this particular test, so it may be meaningless, however, I seem to be good at reading people in real life too. In fact, in therapy I've come to realise just how much I pick up on little cues from people, and tend to obey them automatically (less so now!) So I will notice instantly if I upset or offend someone, or something like that. The thing is, I generally wouldn't have expected them to be upset/offended/whatever, and need them to explain what I've done wrong. I mean, I'll apologise instantly and feel guilty, I just won't really know what I'm apologising for. (It bugs me so much that people think I'm oversensitive or illogical - but they are too! It's just that they're all illogical in the same way!) Sometimes I sort of know what I've done 'wrong', and can add it too my future 'how to act' knowledge, but I feel a massive sense of injustice and unfairness because I don't think it actually is wrong. Importantly, I don't think I could have predicted from the person's apparent behaviour and values that they'd think it was wrong, either.I feel like I want to take people to task on this; but only dare with very good friends who don't mind explaining. I can explain some stuff in my own head too; it's just that it often comes down to the fact that humans have denial and cognitive dissonance to protect their egos and psyches, somehow (which I guess is why people would rather fling around blame and things than face understanding). To me, understanding, clarity, and truth are important, with compassion and cuddles helping the parts that are sensitive and difficult to face.There's also an element that's to do with group behaviour, which I don't seem to relate to the same way as others. I actually had someone explain to me a few months ago that someone was being (imo) unfair and treating me in a way I wouldn't expect this person to, because they had a loyalty to someone else that affected how they related to me. To me, that wouldn't have made a difference. I have had friends who don't like each other, I've counselled both halves of split couples before... it just requires honesty to say "ok, I'm keeping what you both say in confidence, and not engaging in 'bitching' just understanding/ a listening ear". This is another thing - people tend to open up to me. I get the impression that scares them a little and they push me away after, slightly. It's difficult to explain. Anyway, with this thing that happened and another friend explaining the loyalty stuff, I felt frightened and wound up that it seemed to mean 'truth' is just the side with the most people on, or the people who have known each other longest, regardless of actual rights and wrongs of the situation! Ended up looking up studies of group behaviour - did you know that administering oxytocin (the 'bonding' hormone) means the in-group are more co-operative with each other, but still not with the outgroup? That annoys me bigtime - humans are irrational and lack compassion... I hate to think of lonely people left out.Anyway, so, I guess I'm after thoughts on:(1) Do you think this could be aspergers? Bearing in mind...(2) Does what I describe sound like aspergers in a female who's 'learnt' social interaction? Or something else?(3) Thoughts on the Baron-Cohen 'Mind In The Eyes' test also welcome - especially the hostility/fear thing I mentioned.