ÊTrying to figure out if there is a link between BPD and Empath/HSPHello everyone,My name is Annie. I specifically joined this forum to ask this very serious question. As someone who has been diagnosed with BPD and then a short time later came to the understanding that I am also an Empath (aka Highly Sensitive Person), I feel there is a definite link between these two conditions and am seriously thinking a large majority of the BPD population is misunderstood and therefore also mistreated further delaying their happiness and effective treatment.This trait is described as feeling something with 50 fingers instead of 5. Everything is more intense for the Empath. The idea is that children who are sensitive and are negatively reinforced regarding this trait during childhood (having a non empathic parent or being told you're too sensitive etc) will develop coping mechanisms to survive (chameleon reflexes) and assume that they are defective in some way because their behavior is obviously not desirable or normal.I'm just curious how many of us diagnosed with BPD are actually empathic and sensitive and simply suffering from the negative reinforcement of this trait AND the complete and utter unawareness of what is happening. An unaware Empath will unknowingly soak up the emotions of those around them. They will become easily overwhelmed, drained and possibly quite reactive.ÊIf you are unaware this is happening, it seems completely plausible to me that you will become reactive and probably end up projecting that emotion/feeling outward. You may not know where it even comes from which can result in the roller coaster of emotions, and then feeling like you're crazy and out of control after it happens simply because you don't even realize where the feelings originated from.ÊI'm seriously considering going back to school to become a LCSW specializing in this field because I feel their is a strong correlation that the current medical community is TOTALLY oblivious to. Is it just me who has had this experience?If this resonates with you, please google Empath and check out Dr. Aron's book and know that there are also many other helpful books on Empath/Sensitivity. It may be the most helpful treatment you find. It has been for me anyways.Thank you for your time. I look forward to hearing from everyone.