ÊHaving Violent ThoughtsI wasn't too sure where to post this.ÊThe university counsellers haven't got back to me yet after I made an appointment a while ago and I feel like I'm getting worse now.I've been having incredibly violent thoughts and impulses for the last 6 or 7 months and they've been getting gradually worse ever since. Several times a day my mind will be assaulted by very vivid images and imaginings of really violent acts being committed by me on people I know.ÊThese are people I know who I feel have wronged me or betrayed me and the thoughts feel like some sort of gleeful desire for revenge. I obviously can't go into detail about the precise content, but they're shockingly graphic and brutal. These thoughts can arrive very suddenly and abruptly. Sometimes they're triggered by some memory or thought or something I see, but other times they come unprovoked without warning.ÊThey seem to have a bad physical effect on me too. They cause me to become incredibly agitated, nervous and restless and often make me pace rapidly around the room wringing my hands. If it's a really bad one, it can make me hurt myself.. I feel this horrible need to hurt someone when this happens, sometimes another person and sometimes myself.ÊIt's particularly bad in when I first wake up in the morning, and my head in it's half-asleep dreamy state is tortured with vivid images and I can hear angry thoughts, voices and screaming echoing around my head urging me to violence. I don't know if it's the sound of my own thoughts/voice or someone else.ÊI don't feel safe around other people. I feel like I'm a danger to myself and the people around me. Even strangers in the street give me horrible mean glares and it provokes violent thoughts towards them. These thoughts and impulses have caused a lot of self-hatred on my part and have resulted in self-harm many times.ÊI would've attempted to speak to the university counsellers about it, but they haven't responded to my attempts to make an appointment. I was put on a waiting list and they were supposed to call me for the appointment but they haven't. I'm scared if I tell anyone I'll get locked away. I can't quite find an explanation for this an any mood or personality disorders I know of. Nothing quite seems to match up to how I feel and the problems I'm having.ÊI feel like I don't belong anywhere and shouldn't be alive. I feel like I don't really belong on this forum either as evryone here is so kind and supportive of each other and I'm just an evil monster. I don't even know why I really made this thread. I think I just needed to type it out or something.ÊI'm sorry everyone.Ê