 Lost and dont know what to doHi hope you are all ok.Just having a low right now, so upset....basically my Nan died last month, I saw her a few hours before she passed then went to say goodbye after she passed. Dad and I had t stay in her flat to help clear it- apart from being scared at night (never seen a body before although I was glad I did and got to say bye) and making Dad keep the light on (I'm 21! So I guess bit of a wimp!) at night, it didn't feel real and felt like she was away. I am glad I saw her after and said goodye, just a few days aftr I had images in my head but they have gone now- I know she is at peace with my Grandad and is happy with him in Heaven which gives me comfort  I cried at the funeral, bit at the after gathering it still didn't feel real,and now it doesn't.I text my CPN a few times to keep her updated, I actually said I am off Sertaline and had terrible withdrawls like being dizzy, she didn't reply until I text her and told her I was home. Nan lived up North, I live down South of the UK. I couldn't make the app as I didn't feel well, just said I had a GP app.So while I was away I put on weight, I've actually had disordered habits and have a referral to a Eating Disorders unit but had to rearrange as I was away. I literally ATE EVERYTHING- tonight I tried on my wedding dress (2 months to go) and it's never done up but was hoping to lose weight,my partner saw the dress,and he said I looked beautiful but it's a dress size too small, so I am seeing an alteration lady in June, I can either get a new dress, or I hope the lady can make it bigger.While I was away I put on weight so a bit upset...trying to lose as much as I can by Aug.So I got upset, went out and downed a bottle of wine, came home...Husband to be barely talking to me as I was drunk. My mum is an alcoholic and she told me I was fat which led to try and drastically lose weight, he doesn't like her. He likes my Dad but he drinks to due to stress. So now I am awake,and he is asleep. I have stopped taking Sertaline, nearly took an overdose but didnt, I don't want to go back to inpatient although I was voluntary and I just don't know what to do. He is barely talking to me and is upset I resort to alcohol.I don't know what to do. I just don't know what life wants off me- happiness is so hard!It's my birthday today and I have to go to Italian for lunch, worried about putting on weight but I think the wine and gin I had tonight has already done that,Sorry, I don't have a question, I am just lost and don't know what to do! Kind of a rant! Sorry xTornadoesofThoughts x