 Don't be friends with meI like the idea of a relationship/friendship but to actually be in one is disastrous. The last friend I had was a girl name R and our friendship lasted for about 2 weeks. She was a great friend but I always felt like she was secretly judging me, against me, and hated me. I don't know why. In the beginning of our friendship, we texted each other a lot and I would text her how fabulous and awesome she was. Couple days later, I started getting more comfortable with her and devaluing her. This is when I would text her "I hate you" and say "just kidding." Most of the time I wasn't kidding. I would also tell her that I hate her in person and say just kidding afterwards. I don't know why. One time I was walking with my friend C and we ran into R. I didn't like the fact that R and C were talking to each other because I felt like one of them was going to steal the other one away from me. One day, R asked me for C's phone number. I lied and said I didn't know it and couple minutes later, I told her I was kidding and gave her C's phone number. Another thing, I hate it when my friends get close to one another because I feel like there is higher chance of them leaving me for them. I'm boring, ugly, weird, and a freak who obsess and over analyze everything. Also, there was one time she couldn't make it to lunch and texted me I don't think I can make lunch. I panicked and was sad, angry, and felt betrayed. Although, I replied with: That's fine  She texted back: Monday though? I was still fuming and texted back: um...idkShe replied with um okay and I didn't text her back. I felt even more angry and that's when I really began to hate her because I was thinking she went to hang out with her other friends. She abandoned me, I thought. Betrayal and anger was what I the emotions I felt and that's when I started distancing myself from her. We would study in the library together and I would tell her to go away, get away from me, and you should go. Always with a "just kidding you're fabulous" afterwards. One day I told her to go away again, and this time she asked do you really want me to go? I answered with yes and she left. The next day she didn't show up to the library and I was happy that she didn't come back because I felt suffocated around her and she was getting too close. I've been harming for a year and a half. Harming is my all purpose solution. If I embarrass myself, I harm. If I feel sad, I harm. If someone insults me, I harm. If I feel nervous, I harm. If I feel stress, I harm. If I feel dead, I harm. I'm not going to lie, sometimes I harm for attention. I feel like people dislike me so much that if I did something like that I would get some love. I feel unreal sometimes, I feel fake, in a dream, and everything is out of my control. Like I can be doing something and not feel anything. It's confusing. I feel like a puppet on strings. I'm also super sensitive that if someone asks me something or does something very minor that hurts me, I would get SUPER offended/emotional, start avoiding, and getting away from them. It's VERY easy for me to walk away from someone and I take criticism really personally.