 DBT group member abandoned meHi everyone, A girl in my DBT group gave me her number two weeks ago. We began chatting and we shared a lot over the span of two weeks. We only texted... (She is married - and I had no intention whatsoever for romantic stuff)She and I see the same individual therapist.I got emotional last night and messaged her in emotion mind - and admitted that I was beginning to get attached to her and would slow down the texting because of it... She supported me through my dysregulation last night. Today she went to see her individual therapist and she sent me a text after or during her session - saying:"Hey - I hope you are feeling better today. This is really hard for me to say but I think it's something I have to do right now (based on where I am in my struggles right now)...... You asked me if you were crossing my limits. I realized that texting you has become too much for me to deal with. I know your struggling and I encourage you to reach to [[[INDIVIDUAL THERAPIST NAME]]] about that. I would appreciate it if you would stop contacting me."This was out of the blue. What does this mean? Prior to this - she was messaging as much as I was - there didn't seem to be any hard feelings or negative associations between either of us... I asked multiple times if I was crossing limits and she said no and that she enjoyed our texts...I should note that she is in pretty rough shape, at least from my perspective. She dissociate alot in groups and I know she truly is struggling - but it was just the timing of everything that set me off - not to mention that she sees the same therapist as me and I keep thinking my therapist told her to stop talking to me... I feel like I have been abandoned - again...I got hurt by this. Badly. I am taking it personally and I am having suicidal ideation now. I don't feel like I have the energy to try making relationships work anymore... Thanks,HD BPD paranoia is bad...Hey guys and gals, I cannot begin to explain what I've been through this past few months... I don't trust my DBT program at all. I have caught them falsifying documentation, withholding documentation, deleting documentation, altering documentation... It's really bad. The problem is - now I am on high alert with everything and I am raising a lot of trouble with the treatment team. They have basically said that if I cannot let this stuff go and trust in the team - I will be discharged... I want to complete DBT. Half of the day I spend thinking they are all out to get me and I am hypervigilant and on the fence with pursuing legal council and a lawsuit - the other half of the day I spend curled up in a ball ashamed for ever feeling this way... I am truly scared. I haven't felt this way in a very long time. I don't know if I can ever trust another therapist after what happened... (LONG STORY)Can someone relate to swinging between absolute paranoia and mistrust - to shame for ever feeling that way and the need to attach? I am scared I will make a decision in emotion mind and really screw myself over... Please help me - any advice would be helpful. I just don't want to make a rash decision in emotion mind that leaves me alone and without the therapy I need. Thanks HD Why continue?Hi gang,Called the distress center and hung up - just don't got the energy to call for help anymore. Don't really care. I had family over for easter weekend and I didn't even say goodbye... They flew in from half way across the country... I couldn't even talk with them without having a panic attack or projecting issues onto them. I just don't like people anymore. They all have good news and success stories and I can't listen to any of it anymore. I can't fake smiles no more. I feel like a terrible person because I can't even be happy for my family! I ended up telling them my diagnosis and the next day I got strange looks. I'm assigned a new DBT therapist and I cannot work with her. I let go of a job to continue DBT and now I may not continue it... My family hates me but they just won't say it.I really don't want to live anymore. At what point is it safe to say enough is enough? This is just excessively bad. I am hanging on to something and I don't even know what it is or why. I am scared people. Life doesn't seem real anymore. It just seems so pointless to me and I am beginning to see the merit in my passing away. This is getting worse. Thanks,HD