 Tried......to spend time with some family friends today, some people who have known me since I was a baby, and have known my mother and aunt since they were in high school. Usually I can talk to them and gain a little perspective. I just didn't have it in me. I was pretty much mute, just sat like a lump while she chattered on about her son and his new wife and their new house and how they're trying for a baby. It just brought me lower. I did try though--I smiled, asked interested questions. Talked a little about school and work, answered questions. But I couldn't maintain any kind of conversation, and I didn't want to go into how awful I feel because, really, no one in my offline life understands depression let alone BPD. I'm over talking about why I would feel so upset about a guy I wasn't even dating, and don't even want to start explaining why I feel so sad about my lack of normalcy, how hearing from my mother last week sent me into a spiral...how I just want to cease existing because it's too much effort. They knew, by the time I was leaving, that something was very wrong, but they don't really know what to do about it.I think I'm dissociating. I don't remember much of today. I know I was at the hospital (my job) for a minute doing something and then I drove somewhere else. I was driving around a lot running errands, but I don't really remember where or what. This is not a good sign. I don't lose time to the point that I don't know where I am, but I lose time to the point that days become indistinguishable and I don't remember doing and saying things (and sometimes I do and say things that are very out of character), and that is where I'm at. I can't safely work like this, and I'm supposed to work all weekend.Last time this happened, I was inpatient for 8 days. I cannot go to the hospital. I can't. It would, quite literally, ruin my life--I wouldn't be able to continue school. So, please forgive me, I may be utilizing PC a lot. I don't want to be a pain, but I'm struggling, and I'm doing the best I can to fight my way out.