ÊMisdiagnosis?I have been diagnosed with treatment resistant major depressive disorder since the age of 18, along with an eating disorder (it has morphed many times and is now referred to as eating disorder NOS).ÊFrom age 18 on, I have experienced many symptoms. I have had major depressive episodes, commonly associated with life events; these life events generally stem from interpersonal relationships, and associated conflicts. I am plagued with constant feelings of emptiness and loneliness, even when there are people in my life that I consider to be friends. I always feel like my friendships are only "on the surface". I have identified a behavioral pattern where I enter a relationship, have a period of deep affection, and subsequently dismiss this relationship, feel empty, and break it off. I also fall in love with the idea of a person that I know that I will never be with, and torture myself with possibilities, often after just meeting said person or barely knowing them. I have a tendency to be irresponsible about my relations with partners, and have engaged in sexual behaviors in order to make them happy. I was sexually assaulted at 19, and again at 20; both were under very different circumstances, but they happened.ÊThere have been may times in my life that I have felt abandoned, the first being when I was 9, and all of the girls in school decided to alienate me because I was different. This same pattern of abandonment has occurred many times, and throughout my life, I have found it very difficult to connect with people and make friends; I have self diagnosed myself with social anxiety, which may not be clinical, but it is definitely on the spectrum. Currently, I am dealing with chronic feelings of loneliness and betrayal, associated with friendships. I am having a difficult time recognizing if this is truly abandonment, or if it is all in my head. I find that my mind never stops. I am always thinking.ÊMy eating disorder has ranged from restrictive behavior, binge eating behavior, as well as purging behavior. Over the past 4 years, it has most commonly been binge eating, followed by a period of mild restricting, which has allowed my weight to remain an a normal range. Periods of binging have generally been associated with depressive episodes.ÊDuring depressive episodes, I have engaged in self harm. I have been suicidal in the past, but not recently, though I have struggled with self harm, being that I am in a depressive episode currently. This behavior is also associated with binge drinking, which I have struggled to control. I have a history of abusing alcohol, as well as a family history of this problem.ÊI often find that I feel separate, when in social situations. I find myself watching, almost feeling like I'm outside of my body, and like I'm not a part of it at all; I'm just there, existing, and I get no feeling of purpose or pleasure from it. It's almost a vibrating feeling. I have trouble describing it, but it's hazy, and especially when it occurs during one of my college classes, I have a lot of difficulty concentrating. Sometimes I feel so hyper-aware of my existence that it is uncomfortable, and my thoughts race in this web of ideas that cycles around and around, and I find no meaning in the task at hand. I used to be a good student. I was always very bright. I'm not sure if that truly describes me anymore.ÊI don't know if I am over analyzing my life and symptoms, like I do with almost everything else, but my therapist suggested that my depression might be situational the other day, and for some reason, it all just sort of clicked. I have no confirmed hypomanic episodes, so I was never confirmed to be Bipolar II, but the fact that the medications that I currently take have never quite brought me to full remission has always made me question what was really going on.ÊIf anyone has had the patience to read my mess of rambles, do you think that a diagnosis of Borderline Personality Disorder would make sense for someone with my history? This is a very brief summary, but I am curious, and would be appreciative of any sort of response.