ÊBig movesLong post~I have been struggling for some time and I never really knew much about BPD until fairly recently. Things have been increasingly more difficult since last summer, while at a family gathering I realized I can't be around certain people without losing my ****. Things have basically gone down hill from there. I must have been blocking this stuff out for a long time because it all hit me very hard. I had no idea what was wrong with me, I am the only one in my family who seems to have been affected but I know I'm not the only one who went through it. My family doesn't understand, my girl left me - I push everyone away. I don't have anyone to talk to about this.ÊAbout two months ago I was having a hard time with some things so I reached out for help. Help was refused and I took it very personally, so I decided to help myself. "F- everyone!" Right? It came to me that I will never be able to depend on anyone, ever. So I decided I want to do what I want to do and I don't care what anyone else thinks.ÊI put in notice at work, I am in the process of selling and/or giving away most of my earthly belongings, and I bought a plane ticket. I live in upstate NY. in less than three weeks I will be on a plane to Portland, OR. and I am starting to freak out a little bit.ÊIt was more than an impulse decision. This is something I've been wanting to do for a while, and I put a lot of thought into it. I did a lot of research and decided that's where I wanted to be. I have looked into jobs and housing and things are actually working out pretty well. But a lot of it was fueled by anger and the want to get away from the people who "hurt" me.ÊI have always been the black sheep. I have traveled and lived across the country and gone months, maybe years without contact with my family in the past. The main problem I am having now is the fact that I have a six year old son. He is the only reason I stayed here as long as I did, and I have been waiting for him to be old enough to fly. His mother and I have a rocky relationship, she is part of the reason I don't trust people (she is engaged to and living with my oldest friend). I love my boy, though. And he loves me. I hate leaving him, but I feel so stuck and miserable here. I don't like the town I live in, I'm "stuck" at a dead-end job - I feel like I can do much better for me, and for my son. But I don't feel like I can do that around here.ÊI just hope I am making the right decision for the right reasons.