ÊAdderall inducing psychosis in BPD patients...I've been taking adderall since about 2008 when I began my bachelor's degree program. I have had symptoms of BPD from one degree to another since I hit puberty. I'm 33 now with a Master's degree (which I can thank my adderall for) and I do have four kids and a husband to whom I have been married since 2001. In the last year I have made some very destructive decisions in my personal life. Nothing has particularly affected my work ability but the consequences of everything I did has the potential to come crashing down on me at any given moment. I have effectively dissociated myself from the details, according to my therapist, which explains why I have no complete memories of the majority of the events that took place. I believe I know the overview of what I did (I was caught by my 11 year old daughter once, so my husband and my family know some of what I did and are still struggling to forgive me) and I know that I have scars on my arms that are still healing from a point when I suddenly started cutting myself. I have no memory of actually cutting myself, though, if that makes any sense. But if people knew everything...I would lose all I have worked for. I'm not making excuses but I began to see a therapist at the insistence of my husband and after she diagnosed me, I started to read study after study in medical journals. I started to understand that psychosis isn't necessarily confined to bizarre hallucinations. I read that misperceptions of reality constitute psychosis and I read that of patients with BPD given amphetamines, fifty percent experienced psychosis. Fifty percent! I've been on this more often than not for seven years. I've tried other things such as Topamax, SSRI's, Wellbutrin, etc. The adderall calms me down, helps me focus, helps me make decisions (I am a CEO, I answer to a board and have 24 employees) and in all honesty, I am phenomenal at my job when I'm on adderall. But I'm not nurturing to my kids, I can't get out of my own head, I feel invincible, I manipulate people because I'm bored, I view social situations like social science experiments, I engage in risky behaviors, I have no remorse when caught and I am disappointing to my husband because I don't engage in sex with him for the purposes of feeling close. It's only to feel good, to meet a need, and I don't like kissing or having his head anywhere near mine. In fact, he irritates me all the time. He talks to me when I try to read, he wants a kiss while I'm working on stuff and sticks his giant head in my face and pisses me off. He is so damn needy and I cannot respond to him in the way he wants when I'm on this medicine. As an experiment, I went off of it. I could barely function. I wasn't high strung because I didn't even have the drive to be high strung. Didn't go to work and when I did it was futile. I had panic attacks that he would leave me or that my kids would leave me. I cried all the time. I talked to no one. I didn't want to leave my house. When I was forced to attend something people could tell I wasn't myself. I could not even pretend to be anything but what I was- a failure. I felt suicidal. I felt condemned. I felt like my kids and husband were better off without me and that someone else would give them the life they deserved. I felt badly for my husband all the time and thought of him and his feelings often which made me more miserable and feel more inept.ÊAnyway, I am back on the adderall for now because I absolutely must function at work. I must. I have to pay my bills, buy food for my kids, and I need to lose weight so that I can fit into the clothes I had bought back when I was working out every day. Yeah...the entire year I went and did all this horrible stuff I was working out daily and back down to 135 pounds. I don't care now how I look but I do care about my pants fitting because I don't want to go buy new ones. If I start shopping I won't stop. And I can't afford to do that.ÊHas anyone taken adderall and can anyone provide any insight into all this? Thanks so much...Ê