ÊMusing on irony(I've written something similar as BeteNoire concerning other people's lack of empathy but this is a little more thought out.)I have long ago moved past being upset or hurt by the nasty comments out there that are directed at people with BPD. I have instead developed an intense sense of curiosity.I am who I am because of someone with PTSD and another with autism. Can you imagine the rage and upset it would cause if I were to wander into a forum for people with those disorders and told them how terrible they are based on my experiences?And yet not only is it perfectly acceptable to do this to people with BPD but if someone with BPD tries to stand up for themselves they are branded as "acting BPD".Because apparently having BPD negates your right to defend yourself.Having BPD means you must accept unfounded generalizations from complete strangers.Things they accuse us of they proceed to display themselves and do so with absolutely no sense of irony.This is what raises my curiosity.This is also something that I've noticed in some of the most fanatical movements.Most of the people writing these things have been hurt by someone with BPD which leads me to wonder why they should be so fanatical in their hate.As they are so quick to point out in instances of BPD, not all people who are abused develop BPD, the same applies to these people. Not all of those hurt by people with BPD become so embittered that they must trawl the internet harassing strangers.What is the difference?I think I found the answer in an article someone here posted a while back. It was written by a self confessed narcissist and was a very clear attempt at healing narcissistic injury by making the person with BPD appear so evil that no one, not even that bastion of intelligence could have defeated them.I think this (in a very general manner) applies to some of the others.Not that they were necessarily narcissistic but that they, unable to face their own short comings must find someone else to blame.ÊOf course this does not negate the hurt caused to them. That is very real and they in no way deserved it, or that the person who hurt them isn't to blame for their wrong doings.It does need to be remembered though that emotionally healthy people do not usually become involved with the more destructive of us because no matter how they cry manipulation and deceit even the most cunning will usually display a red flag, a warning sign that something isn't right.And so I feel pity for these people. I feel they have their own pain they are not yet ready to face and that they are using their hatred to disguise it and I truly wish them the best on their journey.ÊNo one deserves to hurt.