ÊHate the Stigma of BPDFor one thing I really dont think I have BPD I think its just a label that was placed on me from dealing with childhood sexual trauma and self injurious behavior that is very few and far between with no perticular pattern. I'm talking maybe here or there every few years. Nothing repetitve.The diagnosis of BPD is limiting me in my treatment options. I cant get into this perticular program I want to be in because I have a severe personality disorder as they want to put it. They said it would bot benefit me.I'm beyond frustrated my therapist said she's there to monitor the bipolar, the mood swings and deal with my PTSD symptoms and my substance abuse issues.I don't want to have BPD the more I read up on it the more I realize the diagnosis is in accurate. Trying to persuade my pscychiatrist is probably going to be another issue all in its own. I liked it better when i just had the diagnosis of personality disorder NOS. Ugh! I cant be alone in this.A little about meI'm 30 years old almost 31 (4/7). I was raised by a single parent and moved around a lot in my child hood. My mother was married twice when i was young. My second step-father sexually abused me from the ages of 8 to 12 years of age. I joined the navy at 18 to get away from everything. I didn't want to deal with anything. While in the navy i was raped by a fellow sailor (MST - Military Sexual Trauma). I couldn't cope after this happened and it led to me wanting to kill myself. Self injurious behaviors. That would not go away. My psychiatrist at the time diagnosed me with depression and prescribed zoloft. Which made things worse. I eventually got kicked out of the navy and was diagnosed with a Personality disorder.I went to college when I got out but my substance use got worse over the years. I managed to get my associates degree in computer nstworking. I was functioning normally. I had a job my own apartment a stable relationship. I was doing well.Until I started dating my now ex husband. Things went down hill quickly. The mood swings were terrible. I didnt know what to do. My marraige was falling apart i saught help for everything that was going on in a desperate attempt to save my marraige. My pschiatrist diagnosed me as Bipolar 2 with depression. Started me on appropriate meds and things slowly got better. My marraige didnt last.After my divorce things escalated down hill further. I became homeless dropped out of school refused to work. I hate being around people. Yet I worked in call centers for many years dealing with technical support and irate customers on a daily bases.ÊIm the last 6 months i have been hospitalized inoatient 4 times. Only once for self injurious behavior. Once for a med adjustment. Once for suicidal tendencies and the last time for taking an overdose of pills in an attempt to get high. I told my therapist and she walked me down to the emergency room after out appointment.So thats me well the breif description of me. Any feedback would be great. I'm just sick of it all right now and not sure were i should post this.Tina