ÊLosing It. (May contain triggers)So I am considered a dropout in DBT and haven't been to a class in a couple of months (I missed over 8 of them while hospitalized). I have been going to my regular 1 on 1 therapy sessions with my DBT therapist though, but since I'm not currently in the class I am not allowed to use phone coaching and I'm going through a living hell right now.To cut to the chase, I love my ex girlfriend with all of my heart, but our relationship was unhealthy so I ended it on Tuesday night. However, there was one problem: we didn't know if she was pregnant or not. We split up almost two months ago for two weeks. During that time she slept with another man and didn't use a condom. She hasn't had her period since we got back together. When we first got back together she was very worried about being pregnant by the other man because she said she knew that I would leave her forever if that were the case. I told her that I wasn't sure what I'd do. She took a pregnancy test then and it was negative. She and I continued to have sex without using condoms or birth control. While we were not intentionally trying to have a baby, we both discussed how much of a blessing it would be if she did get pregnant. Then things got bad again and we broke up.Anyhow, I needed to know for sure whether or not she was pregnant. So I bought another package of pregnancy tests yesterday. I met her at the grocery store. She took the test and it was positive this time. She is pregnant. Now she is telling me that there is absolutely no way it could be anyone's baby except for mine because she was on her period when she slept with the other man and he didn't even finish (this is contrary to her worries before).ÊMy biggest problem: She is very, very angry with me and has told me she is getting an abortion. While I am mostly pro-choice, I cannot do this. I did it once before in the past and it still bothers me. I want her to keep the baby. I already pay child support for my other kids, and I am ready to do that with her. The thought of her ending the pregnancy just because she is angry with me sickens me. I am totally depressed. I can't think of anything else right now. I didn't sleep very well last night and my job performance at work today was dismal at best.ÊI know it's ultimately up to her. I just wish she would reconsider. I would be happy to care for the child full time if need be. I just... I don't want my baby to go away.Thank you for letting me rant.