ÊRemoving the stigmaI really hate the stigma that's attached with mental illness. People think we're all evil or that we should just "snap out of it". I feel like they're are better ways we can remove the stigma without annoying people or coming of as victims throwing a pity party with ourselves. The less annoyed nons are, the more I think they'll be open to helping us, & staying with us.If you have any other ideas or want to modify mine, please share them.Don't mention how this disorder probably developed (abuse,neglect, brain abnormalities etc...) They probably already heard, became desensitized & simply don't care. It could come off as an excuse. They may feel forced & think they HAVE to feel sorry for us.Take FULL responsibility. Remove ALL stubbornness & own up to our ish. Don't make excuses. They probably know why we act ugly but they can't understand & there's no excuse for hurting other people. It doesn't make you a bad person! You're just having a challenge. It also may make people WANT to help because then they won't feel annoyed like you're trying to blame your illness or make them feel bad.Not all of people with bpd have ruined or will ruin people's lives. SOME have or will but NOT all. We can be a major pain in the arse I'm sure a lot of you haven't or won't ruin anyone's lives severely.Not all of us maliciously manipulate people. I feel like I don't manipulate anyone more than the average person & I'm sure it's the same with a lot of you. Over the past year, I've become much more self aware & I acknowledge every bad thing I do & say without watering it down. I do my best to be very open. honest & raw about myself. It's the only way to truly get some help.Some nons should be reminded that just because they were with someone who had bod & they were traumatized by the damage they caused, EVERYONE with bpd will not do the same. I'm not saying that it's wrong to walk away from someone who you find out has bpd because of a negative experience. That's your choice. It's very understandable. But don't go spreading ideas about them like they're all the same especially on forums or whatever that's intended to be a place for support! Share your experience but don't group us as the same!ÊI feel like the way some people have described people with bpd who've really damaged them, are narcissists or sociopaths or something... I believe people with bpd have empathy like regular people! The illness just gets in the way...