 Severed tiesHi everyone. This may be a long post but, while I'm not really reacting to things right now, I think the force of this morning's events are going to hit me later on. The backstory is rather long, so I'll do my best to keep it brief.As some of you may or may not know, I don't have a relationship with either of my parents. My mother, who is severely mentally ill (and has never had treatment), disappeared when I was 15 while I was staying with a friend, and I was put into foster care until I was 18. After the years of abuse until that point, I decided there was no real point in trying to continue a relationship with her. I decided that I needed to try to make my life as normal as possible. She now sends me a card with money every birthday and Christmas through my uncle (because she doesn't know where I am), but the words in her card are usually delusional. For example, she believes I sneak into her house when she isn't there...I don't know where she lives. I never cash the checks--she needs the money more than I do, and besides, I don't want a relationship with her. This year she sent money because, in her words, I had to accept that. This bothered me--I feel you can't force people to want to accept you. As far as my father goes, I didn't know anything about that family until my sister (whom I didn't know I even had) found me on MySpace 8 years ago. Lo, and behold, I have 3 half sisters. My father said that they'd been looking for me all my life (really?) and, every year on my birthday, they would talk about me, wonder what I was like and where I was. Long, long story short, I went to Las Vegas to visit them on Thanksgiving 2011, about 4 years after they found me. It didn't go well. Just prior to my flying out, I had a knock down drag out fight with the oldest (they're all younger than me, but the oldest of them) sister. She said she never wanted my sister Jessie to find me, she didn't want to get to know me, she thinks it's BS that I took so long to even come out to them, and she wishes I would just stay away. I was devastated. I mean...I feel like my father, upon finding me, should have come to me, but that's neither here nor there. I feel like, after years of zero support, he should have at least paid for my plane ticket, but whatever. I still flew out to Vegas after this fight and found that the family and I really didn't click. Essentially, the idea they had in their heads of me and the reality didn't mesh. I ended up getting a hotel room and car on my own two days after flying in (I was staying with a sister), and spending the whole week on my own. It was actually pretty fun--I drove to the Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam, hung out in a diner with some old gamblin' man on Thanksgiving. But that's only because I have a remarkable way of making do in any situation. I broke down once I got back to Michigan. The issue is that my two aunts and uncle on my mother's side still to this day remain friends with my father, someone they wouldn't know if it weren't for me. I've asked them if they would please just...not. Maybe it's silly. And yeah, I am asking them to take a side. But he is my blood, not theirs. He is not anything to them; they only knew him for the few months my parents were married back in the 70's. And now, they communicate with that family more than they do me. My aunt (who travels in her fifth wheel during the winter) spends Christmases with that family. I spend holidays alone. My family never calls me, never writes. They don't ask how I'm doing in school. In addition to this is the thing with my mother's letters. I've asked my uncle, repeatedly, for years, not to forward her correspondence to me. And he ignores this request because he "doesn't want to choose a side." Well, to me, he has chosen a side. And it's not mine.I feel like, all of my life, the adults in my life have been making choices that have impacted my life negatively or have hurt me. When I was a child and the crap was going down with my mother, the rest of my family didn't support me. They weren't there. I was a child and I was on my own. And still...they aren't supporting me, they aren't there. I'm an adult and can make a choice not to allow this to happen any longer. I feel like I've made my requests and boundaries known repeatedly, for years, and they've been ignored. Today I saw that my aunt and uncle are now friends with my father and stepmother on Facebook, and it was the last straw. I told my aunt that I wanted no more contact with them, that I was done. She was like, "Life is messy; don't dump us because of this." I told her exactly what I said here, that I've made my boundaries and requests known repeatedly, and they've been ignored. And that they've made their choices, and I'm making mine. I can't keep getting hurt because my family doesn't support me. I can't keep having birthdays ruined, going into a downward spiral like the last week and a half, because of hearing from my mother and what fresh hell she might send this year. I just want someone to choose me for once. Someone. And if they aren't going to, I'm not going to keep trying to have a relationship with them, even if they're my family. If no one else is going to choose me, then I'll choose me. So I'm done.