I Have Borderline Personality DisorderI've Noticed Something...ÊThat infuriates me to the core. (Isn't uncontrollable anger a symptom? Hahaaaaaa, I don't care.)It seems that whenever BPD is brought up by someone who does not have it or has witnessed emotionally distraught/unstable people that do have BPD, it's always "Run for the hills! They'll get you! You don't want anything to do with them! May the Lord have mercy on your poor soul!"And here we wonder how we're supposed to NOT feel like bad people when that's pretty much all people with BPD are depicted as.Look, you so called normal people- It's who we are. We cannot help it. And it takes a lot of hard friggin' work for us to make each and every day a little more bearable for not only us, but for those around us. If we could help the way we feel, think, or act, we probably would!But we can't and you "normal" people need to understand that. If anything, we deserve just the same amount of love as you would give to another "normal" person, if not more.It takes a lot of time and effort to be able to care for a person with BPD. I know because I have it and I know that I drag my boyfriend through hell every once in awhile.But we are just as worth it as anyone else. We are still human, we have morals, values, and we try our god-damn best to deal with ourselves and everyday hurdles. I know I at least do.It is those who do not want help that cannot be cured. For those who do, there are exercises to practice, there are self-help books, there is therapy and many, many people that we can talk to to make things feel okay, to make it seem like our lives aren't chaotic bursts of rampaging emotions.People NEED to understand that, yes, we do take a lot to be cared for, yes, you definitely need to have patience if you wish to spend your time with us, however, we all have very unique and shining personalities and are worth getting to know. But why then, are we depicted as horrible people as a whole?I do feel like a horrible person sometimes, I do feel guilt, but I do forgive myself. And so does everyone else in my life. Not all of us are blind to ourselves, not all of us are truly horrible. Not all of us cheat, not all of us lie, not all of us have self-harming behaviour or are suicidal. Not all of us are understood.Then why are we all in the same boat? Then why are we all depicted as people that should be avoided? I, for one, think that it is completely unfair.I have family, friends, and of course, my boyfriend that could tell you all the wonderful things about me, things they like, and things they love me for. They could also tell you the bad things, things they've been disappointed with me for, and things they think I shouldn't have done, things that were completely out of control and/or irrational.And because I have BPD, everyone would immediately look at the negatives and say things like,"Run for the hills! You don't want anything to do with them! They're crazy!"And thus, ends my rant of what truly infuriates me- stereotypes and the people that enforce them as true so that everyone else will also think that people with BPD are bad people and should be avoided at all costs.