I Have Borderline Personality Disorder
Those of us who suffer BPD know where hell really is. It's inside us. No escaping the agony, pain and torture. No reprieve. It's in every moment of our day, our dreams and our thoughts. It infects everything. It controls everything. It poisons every aspect of our life. It must be the loneliest condition there is. It isn't just one illness, it's a basket full of varied illness that so many people just have one of. We 
are overloaded with a bunch different things, but pain seems to be the core. Other people are not emotionally capable of feeling our extremes, so we try to explain our pain to others, but they cant understand or comprehend because they are not able to feel these depths them self. They just aren't geared neurologically to understand. It's not their fault. Then they say something stupid (but well meaning) like "Just cheer up", "Give it time" or "You'll be right". Grrrrrrrr....red flags at a bull. Are we so stupid we never thought of that ? lol

I remember the desperate pain, the self hatred, the fear of myself, the frustration, the exhaustion, tears, the over-whelming sadness and need to get off this rock just to escape the pain. I also remember the pleasures and ecstasy that only we can appreciate that strong. 

So what can we do about ? I was lucky being a stubborn middle aged bloke and wasn't going to let it win, so i feel a great deal of empathy for the young who fall victim to this illness and would like to share my findings in the hope something may help someone. 

Firstly, get a proper diagnosis. There are many illness with similar traits. Get the right therapy and meds if you can. It's a helpful crutch as you embark on this journey.

Secondly, try not to give in to harmful and expensive habits/actions for short term relief. You need your strength for the battle ahead and will be returning to the world and need to be able to survive in it. (not that we excel at self discipline).

Thirdly, (what helped me the most), was remember that this illness is not you. It is not part of who you are. It does not define you. To fight this demon it helps to think of it as a separate entity with it's own identity. Like a parasite. It is a separate thing inside you and at 
the moment it is controlling you. Simple exercises like drawing a picture of it can help reinforce it as a separate identity. Is it a demon, a cloud, a cloaked figure ? There is no wrong answer. Write down your life story and highlight the major events where you can see BPD
caused it. Blame the BPD, not yourself. Once you have established the knowledge that it is a separate thing from you and not part of you, you can start to create distance between you and it. It can take time but not too long. 

In the meantime, google, read and communicate. Talking online and research help. The better you know this illness the better you recognize the demon encroaching into your life and you further separate from it and eventually gain some control. You will start
seeing it trying invade a thought or action and say "stop demon. I know you and what you're up to so **** off"....well in your own words anyway :)

You are far from alone. You will reach a point when you recognise it fighting to regain control, and you can stop it taking over again.

Four years ago when it peeked after being undiagnosed for all my life, and I had lost everything, I was homeless, broke and had lost my family by this stage. Then a string of bad relationships. I was sitting in the dirt at the side of a bush road after trying to end it all again without even a dollar and no petrol in the car. I had nowhere to go. I did not believe I would survive this. I did not believe that whilst I cared so little for myself, that I would find the strength to battle. I did not believe that I would ever get through this. But I refocused my life and found the strength to fight in case my kids need me one day. I hope we can all have someone or some goal to fight for, because we are bad at fighting for our own benefit. Maybe a non-religious charity if you can't ?

I believe we can all win no matter how impossible it all looks at the moment :)

Best of luck,
Az

