Race for Life¥	Hi everyone¥	My daughter Danielle ran the race for life this morning in Glasgow and she raised over 500 pound,¥	I went to the see her at the finish line, last year she done orbit I was so ill with chemo I couldn't go, it was very emotional and I cried with pride as she finished, its a hard day but also a very humbling day watching all those people so glad I went and I am so proud of her. Just wanted to share a wee bit of joy¥	Hope everyone is well¥	Rosalyn xxx

Treatment all done..¥	Hi everyone hope all is well.¥	I have now finished my treatment and it feels good not having to think about what time to leave home? Will there be a parking space when I get to hospital am I going to be ok?¥	Well I am ok, yes I'm tired but resting when needed, I have that bone thinning thing going on, so a bone strengthening tablet will need to be taken once a week along with the other tablets. So I can't do weight lifting any more, not that I wanted to be a weight lifter any way! :) Its life changing but as others have mentioned some of it for the good other bits perhaps not so, but I'm here and I plan to be here for quite some time yet. After all I booked a holiday today we are off to Jamaica in September, got a great deal but still expensive to boot, but 10 days of just sitting (in the shade) watching the world go by, yummy food and spending much needed time with my other half to reconnect after the last year. My prognosis is good so we are happy, sending you all warmest wishes and hope everything goes well for you all.¥	Ro xx



Nearly there...¥	Hi everyone hope its been a relaxing weekend,¥	Well I'm nearly at the end of my radiotherapy 4 more to go and then done.... but what next? Well for me its planning a get away with my lovely husband, where to? Well we don't know yet, where ever it may be it will be a complete chill out. Its been 10 months of appointments, consultations, physiotherapy and generally trying to remain positive, now the recovery starts but the journey continues. Sending warmest wishes to all to whatever stage of your treatment you are at its doable, but some days better than others. To all newbies ask as many questions as possible take heed in that this site is here for support and comfort. Keep strong ladies and gents. ¥	Ro xx




appointment brought forward?¥	Hi everyone¥	Here is my dilemma, I got sent to A&E couple of weeks ago by my GP he thought I had a blood clot, turns out I didn't but the doc in A&E organised a bone scan for me, got that last Monday but they kept rescanning my right side, that is were I had surgery rads.¥	Went to my own doc on Friday for results he said he wasn't happy about seeing them for first time with me sitting there, anyway he said there was no bone Mets but the 8th rib on my right side was cause for concern and needs investigated further, he asked me to mention this to my oncologist when I go May 20th.¥	Today I got a call from the oncologist Secretary who said that they might have to close the clinic on the day I go in may and could I come tomorrow at 3.¥	So now my mind is in overdrive thinking they have saw something and that is why I got called, as I work for NHS and I know that appointments are booked well in advance and it is really strange for oncology to find an appointment that quick as we all know its a busy busy department, any thoughts on this would be great.¥	Sorry for long story, hope everyone is well¥	Rosalyn xx





