Feeling stressed¥	Hi all, am hoping someone out there can help me feel a bit less stressed - had my pre-chemo chat yesterday (for what it was worth) and am now more anxious that ever about it!¥	Had mastectomy & implant recon about 7 weeks ago, initially expected just to have radio but SLNB came back showing signs of infection so was told I needed chemo - I coped fine with the change in treatment plan, had my long hair cut short and was ready for anything - or so I thought! Had my appointment yesterday at 11am, turned up a bit early and was told to wait, tiny waiting area in the chemo unit sat with about 6 others who were waiting for their chemo. No-one spoke to any of us for about half an hr, nurses laughing and joking with each other & the receptionist but no communication with any of us waiting. After about half an her one of the nurses walking past joked "sorry ladies we're running really late today, pharmacy haven't sent up any of the chemo so none of this lot in here (pointed to another room) have even started yet - at least it's not our fault this time - ha ha!"¥	Another half hr later a nurse came and told me she wanted to take my bloods, she had no idea what was going on "I'm new here sorry" didn't even ask if I'd had any op or if there was a side to not use for the bloods I had to tell her to use my right arm when she went to use my left, and then she said to wait again - I've now been waiting over an hr - I asked how long she thought it'd be and she said she'd no idea but would find out - I just thought if I had to wait so long someone could've said something and I'd have gone for a coffee or something? She came back saying "you can go for a coffee it'll be some time yet" - I asked roughly how long, she had no idea. Thank goodness I had hubby with me I'd have walked out and come home, was the most unwelcoming and unfriendly place I've been to in a long time. And such a contrast to everything before, everyone had been so good until I got to the chemo unit.¥	Now I don't want to go back for the actual treatment, I want to ring my BCN and tell her I don't want to go there. I don't know if I can ask to go somewhere else - has anyone else done this?? I just feel so bad about going back there next week I really don't want to go