Happy Easter my lovely friends¥	Happy Easter all my lovely friends hope everyone has a fabulous week end , I'am off to my sisters house tomorrow for my tea since our mum died a lot of years ago our Teresa my sister is just like a mum to my younger brother & me she's so nice & caring I love her to bits. On Saturday I'am going out for a pick nick with my daughter so I'am so looking forward to spending time with her , my son is out of hospital & is going to try & stop drinking , sticking to AA & sort him self out. My hubby is fine & looking forward to pigeon racing season that starts this week end . I'am fabulou off Good Friday & Easter Saturday I'am on Lates at work 2 till 8 Easter Sunday & Monday & I'am looking forward to all the events that will be going on at work . I go back to see Mr Clark the 17th of April but I'am fine about this because I feel so good , I still get the odd bad day, when I'am on a downer but I am lucky because I know a lot of people feel like that every day & night, & when my body has a day that it screams at me "I am resting today" then I rest , so Happy Easter my lovely friends love n hugs always Yvonne xxxxxxxxI'm so down & worn out¥	hello my lovely friends I hope everyone is having good days . On Wednesday morning we received a phone call saying my son had taken an overdose so we drove from County Durham where we live to Kent where my son lives , he's an alcoholic & has been for years we ended up brining my son back home to live with us to see if we can help him & I only agreed to doI this to keep my hubby happy because we have tried many times to help my son & always failed because he won't help himself I feel so down , alone , helpless, on edge, when my son drinks I'm afraid of him I'm sorry for going on I just felt I needed to talk to someone & I go to see Mr Clark tomorrow for my check up I'm not worried about this because I know everything is good because there's no way on gods earth it could get any worse take care all my lovely friends lots of love Yvonne xxxxxMy poor son has died today¥	hello all my lovely friends my poor son Arron died today at home , I can't believe this tragedy has happened we brought him home last week to see if we could help him to stop drinking, every where we went or contacted just did not seem to want to help us it was like beating our heads off a brick wall , the mental team would not help with our Arrons mental health problems because of his alcohol addiction & the alcohol team could not even fit my son in until this Thursday. I feel so numb & I feel that I am a bad mum my poor son Arron was so very poorly lots of love Yvonne xxI am so angry¥	hello my lovely friends hope everyone has a good week end.  My son Arron is getting buried on Tuesday the 5th of May I still can't believe my son has died I only thank god we brought him home & my son had his last week on earth at home with his dad & me & my son Arron is now in heaven with my brother, mum , dad, & my aunt . I have so much anger for my sons ex partner they split up 18month ago I know she had a hard life with my son because my son was an alcoholic she is coming up for my sons service & says she is broken hearted but when my son was alive & wanted to see her or go for a meal she refused & kept telling him to get on with his own life as she was getting on with hers when we went down to pick my son up my son was living in absolute squaller muck dirt my son was dieing and she lives near by him & not once did she go round to make sure my son was ok we drove from durham to Kent & brought my son home & 6 days after he died & now she is playing the grieving widow but when my son was alive she would not want him now she says she loves him and my anger levels are going through the roof I'm so angry at her I blame her in a kind of a way I don't want to feel angry but it won't go away   Sorry for going on & on & my hubby & daughter says they are meeting up with her on Monday love Yvonne xxxxxI'm so very numb¥	hello my lovely friends hope everyone is having a good day & a relaxing night, I can't get my head round the fact that I will never see my son again our Arron died on the 21st of April he was only 32years old. My hubby & I went down to Maidstone where he lived alone because him & his partner split up 18month ago. I kept telling him to come home but he would not & when our Arron got so very poorly we drove down for him from Durham where we live & brought him home . And one week later my son died at home in bed , we just can't believe we will never see our Arron ever again, hear his voice, talk to him, hear him laugh, make us laugh, I thank god every night we went down for Arron & spent his last week on gods earth together. We miss him so much, we are home sick for him, our Arron had his service Tuesday & it all went to plan . You may remember me putting a post about me falling out with his ex partner well we have made friends I spoke to her because I know my son would of wanted me to , I was nice & polite to her . At the moment the last thing on my mind is my recovery from breast cancer but I'm trying very hard to take good care of myself my breast cancer was hormonal so I take my mess & I think it's to stop or block my hormones I'm 54 & have not come on since I was 40 & today I came on but only very lightly can this be stress? I'm not sure about much at moment we just feel lost, numb, in pain , down & depressed & always so worn out I keep looking through my sons belongings for answers the corner has done postmodern but can't find out why my son died we know it has to be alcohol related because my son had a problem with alcohol so they are having an inquest but corner says it will take 8 weeks . I will say night night now God bless take care hope all my lovely friends are having good days love Yvonne xxxxxBreast cancer HerceptinHi I do not post very often, but read your discussions on a daily basis. Such a brilliant siteand always very positive. My question is I am having Herceptin after chemo and rads and am on my 7th Herceptin. The past 6 weeks I have had a buzzing in my head, have had my ears checked no problems there.  It is starting to worry me now as I am thinking the worst that maybe the cancer has spread to my head. Could this be a side effect from Herceptin, or anxiety or stress. I have been so positive since my prognosis but this is really getting me down. Any help would be very useful. YvonneI need some advice please?Good morning my lovely friends hope everyone is having a good day? I'm having good hours & bad hours our St Cuthbert's Hospice Family Support Team is helping us with our son Arron we still can not accept that we will never ever see our Arron again my question is; I work part time 16 & a half hrs a wk yesterday was pay day & I got no pay am I entitled to sick pay ? I'm on minimum wage a care assistance last year when I was off with breast cancer I got paid but then I was full time I don't know who to ask I'm on the sick from my doctor & sick note says bereavement I know my pay is last thing to think of when my son Arron is God knows where I hope he's in heaven with my mum, dad, Aunty Doreen & my brother Malcolm we visit our Arron every Sunday & take flowers I wish the world would leave me alone n let me climb in to bed until this nightmare is over & I hate my self for been think I'm not intelligent I don't catch on fast if I had been intelligence my son our Arron would be here today & alive sorry for going on please does anyone know if I should get paid or not love to you all I have not been on for a while now because I'm not in a good place & I can't cheer anyone up on this lifeline so I thought it best just to stop off it love Yvonne xxxxxx