Having a lovely weekend¥	hi all you lovely people, things are finally getting back to normal, still got aches and pains but starting to feel more human again, had lovely meal at my eldest daughters yesterday, one of my grandsons had his first holy communion this morning, and lovely party afterwards, and tomorrow my youngest grandson is celebrating his 1st birthday so partying all round, it is so lovely to be able to enjoy them all, and to top off the week start rads on Tuesday, the end is in sight, not been easy but doable, so to all you stating chemo good luck, you can do this. Love and hugs to you all xxLess than 12 hrs to go and the surgeon... He say yes ! (I have now stopped crying)¥	Hello people,¥	All systems go for the lumpectomy in the morning after all....and yes it is my birthday as well.¥	After yesterdays meltdown when it looked like the op had been cancled I went to the hospital this morning. To cut a long story short I convinced the doctors that I was fit for surgury.¥	It was after all only my meds giving me a high white cell count.¥	Had my injections and scan and am now ready willing and able to get rid of this interloper!¥	(just a little bit scared but don't tell anyone ...we should just keep it between ourselves)¥	Thank you JacquelineON for your support yesterday when it really really mattered to me, you helped keep me sane.¥	Thanks to everyone on here that has helped me so far,¥	Hugs xxLess than 48hrs to go before surgery now they may delay it. Can't stop crying!¥	Having fought to remain positive since diagnosis I have just taken a call to say that there was a problem with my white cell count and they want to do more blood tests tomorrow but she couldn't tell me when the results would be back. I am not to go and have the injections at the Nuclear Medicine unit and to me that just screams delayed surgery.  I am so frightened and angry and lonely and fed up and in pain. For the first time I have cried and now I don't seem to be able to stop.¥	I don't know how to cope with this, anyone else bin there dun that!¥	HugsxI'm- feeling a bit down today¥	Hi people,¥	Hope you are all well (or as well as can be) especially with the lovely weather we are having.¥	I'm feeling a bit battered and bruised.¥	I've stopped taking the Tamoxifen - I just decided that it was causing more problems because my lower half of my body was so blown up it was flaring up my Rheumatoid Arthritis and Fybromyalgia¥	It is taking my R.A/ F team all sorts of various ranges of medication to bring the R.A./F back under control.¥	I've been off Tamoxifen for about a couple of months now and my hips and legs are very slowly going down.¥	Another problem I have is where I live I am surrounded by bright yellow fields!¥	My eyes won't stop streaming and I can't stop coughing and sneezing with the damn stuff¥	I don't want to take anymore medication because I am taking enough so I have a tissue mountain building up¥	Then of course unfortunately it seems nobody wants to buy tickets for the ball I have organised for Friday 12th June 2015 to raise funds for 3 charitable causes including MacMillan.¥	The problem there is that there are 3/4 charity balls in the Hull area within 4 -6 weeks which I did not know about when I set about organising the ball at the beginning of the year after my secondary cancer scare.¥	One of the hospital charities which will also benefit from my ball has had to cancel their own big hospital May ball last week due to lack of ticket sales - and they have a professional fund raiser organising that one - she was devastated when she sent me an email to say that they are now relying on my ball for extra funds for one of their Departments.¥	It seems that everybody has just lost interest in such things.¥	I am going to have a ticket sale (cut prices) this week to at least get back sides on seats if I can otherwise if tickets aren't sold by May 15th the ball will also be cancelled.¥	I have worked every day by myself to organise the ball since the beginning of the year and I have to say if I have to cancel it then my efforts will have been totally wasted!¥	All of which is very upsetting and annoying considering I am actually medically retired due to my Rheumatoid Arthritis / Fybromyalgia (from 2008) and then my Cancer.¥	Hey ho - such is life,¥	Sorry for rambling but I just needed to let off steam¥	Big hugs everybody xxxLumpectomy on my birthday...what a present!¥	I saw the surgeon today and would you believe it...the first date available for the op is my 59th birthday!¥	Well I presume I wont be up to a party but what a prezzy! 3 Weeks of radiotherapy and it is looking increasingly likely that I will be on Herceptin and chemo, but no confirmation until yet more tests come back from the lab as at the moment I am designated borderline...duh...something (can't at this moment remember what). OH IT HAS BEEN A LONG DAY. I feel a little overwhelmed by all the information and the terminology used today.¥	Maybe after a sleep I will have my head on straight again eh! I am not quite so scared now that I have practical things to deal with and I have read to so many positive posts. I am not kidding myself at all..... but so many people use the word "Do-able" that I know I can and will get through this successfully.¥	Thanks for listening to me ramble¥	Hugs to all