Positive outcomes ...•	Hi all - I don't know about you but sometimes when I am feeling unsure and nervous it does me good to read stories of cancer survivors.  When looking for books or online testimonies of survivors I have noticed that America is way ahead in collating and publishing these.  I know many people probably just want to get on with their lives and try to put it behind them - my Macmillan nurse told me at the beginning of my treatment that there are far more breast cancer survivors out there than people realise.  It would just be nice to hear UK survival stories more often. What does anyone else think? Denise xxAway on holiday ... too much time to think!•	Hi everyone•	I am away on the Isle of Wight staying in a lovely "Boathouse" apartment right on the beach at Yarmouth. It was supposed to be a relaxing week away to recover having finished my radiotherapy on 16th March, now just on Letrazole and having Herceptin injections.  I have been so proactive and positive in my recovery but have hit a wall! I think I have too much time to think this week and negative thoughts and doubts have crept in regarding possible future recurrence.  Can this occur while you are on Letrazole/ Herceptin? How will I know if I have a recurrence?   I just keep going over things in my head.   I know nobody can give me any guarantees but just need to hear some views.  My cancer was HER2+ Stage 2 with one sentinel node involved.   Thanks - Denise xxFeeling down today ....•	It's not often I get days like this but today I feel really down.  My daughter and her fiancé are coming over later but although I've been awake since 7am I am struggling to get out of bed.  I seem to have been sideswiped by low mood.  For the past couple of weeks the aches in my shoulders, pins and needles and cramps in my hands on waking have been getting worse and I have convinced myself something is not right.  I finished chemo at the end of November last year and am now on Herceptin injections and Letrazole.  I tried ringing my BCN weeks ago and left a message.  She phoned back 10 days later but by then I felt a little easier.  I tried to make an appointment with my oncologist last week but the earliest I could get was 29th May with the Registrar.  As I have my first oncologist check up post clearance on 11th June anyway I decided to wait till then.  Do you think my GP could help?  I just need reassurance that symptoms are side effects of treatment and nothing more.  What hasn't helped was a comment someone at a retirement party made to me recently that her friend had been given the all clear then it came back in her spine and three months later she died!  Think this is playing on my mind.  Sorry to be a moaner. Denise xxRace For Life - 7th June 2015•	Well ladies I think my joints are now sufficiently mobile so I, together with my two daughters Claire and Samantha have entered Race For Life on 7th June and so far we have jointly raised over £1k!  It's great to feel I am giving something back.  I plan to wear pink leggings, pink tutu, pink wig plus my Race For Life T shirt with "Team Salmon" on the back.  My story is on www.justgiving.com/denisesalmon•	With my achy joints I will be doing a fast walk rather than a race but I will do it!•	Wish me luck.  Denise xx•	 •	Thanks Sister Snail ... so much appreciated.