Please help me ( I need advice regarding reconstruction being cancelled for the second time for the same reason) my liver!!¥	hello, can anyone help me?¥	I need a rant and advice. ¥	I underwent lots of tests last year before my hospital would even refer me to the plastic surgeon. A CT scan showed cysts on my liver and just to be sure I was sent for another CT scan then an MRI after mounths of waiting it was confirmed it was cysts. ¥	To cut a long story short I was told to lose two stone then go back to plastic surgeon. I lost weight by end October and waited months to see the surgeon again. ¥	Anyway I was finally given a date for DEIP reconstruction 15th April ( as part of the pre-op) I was given another CT scan ( here we go again) CT scan showed up something again!!! Grrrrrrrrr ¥	Operation was cancelled and was told I needed an altra sound scan. Had scan they are still not sure!! Grrrrrrrr¥	So I saw my original surgeon who did my mastectomy and who had ordered all the scans last year ( He was not happy!!!)  He said all they needed to do was call him and he would have sent over a copy of all the scans ( which he then did) He also wasn't happy about my tamoxifen being stopped. ¥	Well I get a call 10days later with a new date 13th May saying they were happy to go ahead all scans matched ( this yrs and last) ¥	yeah I thought!! ¥	But last Friday we started a four day break in the Lake District before operation only to get a call from the hospital saying they was cancelling my op again because my LIVER grrrrrrrrr. We had just ordered food in pub and the call made me feel sooooo sick I didn't eat my food. They are NOW saying scans don't match and this is something new on my liver!! ¥	I called my BCN left message--- she called me back to say she was leaving for the day and there would be an MDT meeting this week about me. Does this mean it's something to worry about????¥	When we reached the lodge I had no phone signal and there was no internet. Omg!!!!¥	I got in my car ( bumped my car into a post) more Grrrrrrr drove until I got signal. ¥	I spoke to a lovely Macmillan nurse who advised me to speak to pals. ¥	I can't tell you the power and comfort of this site ( but couldn't access it all weekend) ¥	Does anyone know what test is going to show what's up with my liver??????? ¥	Besause im fed up!!!!!!¥	a biopsy???? ¥	They keep telling me different things until the point I no longer trust them! I'm soooo stressed what should have been a lovely weekend -- turned into me feeling sick, having pains attacks with my lips going numb and not being able to think of anything else. ¥	So sorry to rant when I know so many of you are going through this hell! Cancer!¥	please has anyone got any answers???? Love karan