I decided against Chemotherapy¥	I went to see the oncologist today and he gave me all the info on Chemo, the risks, the stats etc.¥	But after considering everything I said no to chemo.  I had an 80% chance of it not coming back, but only 5% more if I had chemo.  So I'm having Radiation therapy and Anestrozole tablets only. I'm thinking if it did come back, I'd have chemo after a mastectomy, so why go through it twice?¥	The oncologist said some patients run the risk of heart problems later on, and developing blood clots in the lungs (but that is quite rare).  Also there's a slight risk of developing Leukemia and I have a 3 out of 4 chance of being cured of cancer already without any treatment.¥	It's my choice, and I'm happy with my decision and the oncologist said he understood why I said no, that's all that matters.¥	Shaz xI found a lump¥	I posted this in "New to the Site" and was directed here.¥	My name is Shaz and I have breast cancer.¥	I was scared out of my mind when I found the lump,  I immediately made an appointment to see my doctor although I was in two minds as I was terrified he's say it was suspicious and need to see a specialist, I was hoping it was nothing, but in my head I knew it wouldn't be.  I am a strong person and decided I was going to just get on with it, didn't want to over think things as I would have crumbled. Just once I was tearful and that was when I told my children, but only after I'd been to see the Oncologist and had my biopsy results.  I thought why worry them unnecessarily if it comes back benign? ¥	I had several Mammograms, 3 biopsy's and 2 FNA's (fine needle aspirations done on that first visit, and then had to wait 2 weeks for the rsults which was stressful and I didn't sleep well at all. When it came to the results my son came with me as I needed some emotional support and was told the bad news that I had Inasive Lobular Cancer (stage 2), another lump was benign.  There was some good news, my Lymph nodes looked clear and they found another anomoly 4mm which needed investigation. The main lump was approx 21mm across, but was told I needed an MRI to get the correct size, which was in 2 weeks.  The MRI showed that the lump was in fact 17mm and not 21mm and the 4mm anomoly was in fact nothing to worry about.  I had an outpatient surgery appointment made for the 1st of April ( I had pre-assessment appointment 2 days before).  In the end I needed to stay in overnight as I didn't have an adult to stay with me for the first 24 hours.  I'm glad really as the general anaesthetic made me very woozy.  I went home at 7.00am the next morning ( i wanted to be home).¥	I am now awaiting my results which will be given to me next Monday 13th April, I'm just hoping the Lymph nodes are still shown to be clear and the margins taken out with the lump were cancer cell free.  I wouldn't be happy if I needed more surgery.¥	I was told earlier that my ER and PR were positive 8:8 for both and they said that was the best it could be for hormone treatment, happy about that.¥	I was also told that I'd need Radiotherapy after my Wide Excision, and that I'd have to travel every day to Leeds (about 15miles away) for 3 weeks mon to fri.  ¥	Since I was first diagnosed I have read everything about my type of cancer, treatment and outlook.  It has helped me a great deal in understanding whats happening to me and the cancer team at my hospital have been amazing.¥	Once the treatment is over, I know I'll have to take hormone therapy for at least 5 years, but I'm not thinking too much about that just yet, I want to concentrate on the here and now, deal with everything one at a time.  I'm not thinking about the future, not until I have to.  ¥	But the main thing is I'm really positive and I tend on staying that way.¥	Shaz x¥	 ¥	Life is precious, take it in both hands and run with it.