Oncotype DX breast cancer test (Genomic Health)¥	Just wanted to give an update on my treatment for Invasive lobular breast cancer.¥	I had a mastectomy and axillary clearance, 17 nodes removed with two infected.¥	I assumed the worst and that I would need chemo, radiotherapy and hormone treatment.¥	I was grade two, stage two, ER positive.¥	I had read about the Oncotype test, done in the USA, which determines whether chemo is absolutely necessary, depending on each patients individual cancer assessment.¥	I was lucky enough to have private health care  (the test is very expensive, approximately £2,500?) and my surgeon suggested as I was a 'borderline' case it would be worth me having this test done.¥	The test is done on the existing tissue the lab already holds, so you don't need another operation.¥	I waited approximately 10 days for the results; when my oncologist told me I had good news I was of course over the moon.¥	I had a low score out of 100, and this proved that chemo would be of no benefit and that there would be a low risk rate of recurrence of my cancer. I cannot tell you how relieved I was.¥	Without this test I would have gone through chemo unnecessarily, which does not bear thinking about.¥	I can only highly recommend this test; I'm hopeful it will soon be available on the NHS, but I would advise breast cancer patients to ask their surgeon and oncologist for information; the company in America offer the means to take out loans to fund the test.¥	Quote from the Genomic health company:¥	"The Oncotype DX test analyses the activity of 21 genes from the breast cancer tumour to provide an individual recurrence score result, which is unique to the biology of a patients cancer.¥	The test helps guide treatment decisions in early stage invasive breast cancer."¥	I am just coming to the end of 15 radiotherapy sessions and am on Anastrasole tablets.¥	I am overwhelmingly grateful not to have had chemo, and just hope this test will be broadly available sooner than later.¥	Good luck and good wishes to everyone.