My day....May 26th 2015I had a CT Scan this morning to see how ‘the thing’ is looking now that Chemo is over. I was surprisingly calm compared to the last time I had one. The only thing that really got my heart racing was the big spider I had to share the changing room with! He was as keen to escape as I was. The male nurse was a sight for sore eyes too and was thankfully a pro at putting in and taking out the cannulas in my arm. Story of my life though… he was married. :( haha!!I’ve got an appointment with my wonderful (sarcastically said) Oncologist next Thursday to discuss the results. Whilst I’m there I’m going to tell her I want another blood test to see how my body is doing post chemo. I would put money on the fact that she refuses the test, when I ask her. I bet she says ‘You’ll be fine 3 weeks post chemo’. My argument is that none of us react in 100% the same way on the drugs and so we cannot be expected to all be 100% better, 3 weeks post chemo! I’m not letting her just ‘cut me loose’ following chemo. I need to see that my body is recovering. Imagine thinking that I’m fine and going swimming for the first time? If my immune system is still not right I could get really sick. Swimming pools are rife with bacteria and chemo patients are advised not to go near the gym or a pool during chemo. My backup plan if she refuses is to get it done on the NHS. Someone is going to do this. I’m not asking, I’m telling! Even if they don’t do it until I get back from Portugal, so be it. I don’t plan on swimming while I’m at the retreat.My start date for my Juice Only recovery plan is nearing! I’m going to be making all the juices on Saturday and freezing them down. Then I can just pull out the next days juices when I need them instead of having the ball ache of juicing every day. June 1st, is D-Day and I’m also about to plan my exercise schedule as I know I need to ramp things up gradually. As much as I’d like to get stuck in hard core I know my body just wont be able to take it. In between now and then, I’m taking it easy. Spending time clearing out the clutter in my flat and enjoying my last few days of eating what I want. Today I had a craving for good old fashioned English Fish & Chips! It was bloody delicious! I wont be having that for a long time soon. Believe me, I enjoyed it!! :D___________Its really late at night and I’m back to add to my blog about today. I don’t want sympathy for what I’m about to add, I just need to get it off my chest and I think it’s important to include it. Especially for all those people enduring cancer alone. So here goes…When I left the hospital today and I was driving out of the grounds, I found myself crying. I was crying because I had just  been a brave little soldier once again and had overcome yet another test all alone. I was also crying because I had just been touched by another human being, in the kindest of ways. When the male nurse removed the cannula from the crook of my forearm he cradled my elbow in the palm of his hand and his thumb held gauze over the hole it had made to stem the bleeding. It took ages for it to stop bleeding and he even asked me if I’d been taking blood thinning drugs. The feel of his hand gently holding my arm, for what seemed like ages, came as a shock to me. I have been alone throughout this ordeal and have had little human contact for a very, very, long time. His touch was like a hot knife through butter. It melted my armour and took me aback for the slightest of moments. I never let it show and didn’t really realise at the time how much his touch affected me. For only a moment later I was more worried about the spider in the changing room and I forgot all about it. However the memory hit me out of the blue, when I was in the car on the way home.Then I forgot all about it again until tonight. I have made a habit of having a nice hot bath every night. To make it more relaxing and enjoyable I usually make it a bubble bath or use scented bath bombs and I have it candle lit with music. I have a long soak in the beautifully lit room and enjoy the hot water whilst listening to some classical piano. I realised a while ago that I don’t have anyone to do these things for me and how beautiful a simple pleasure like that can be. If I don’t have a man to do it for me, I thought, I’ll do it for myself. Its like a little present.Tears roll down my cheeks as I write this because it’s pretty sad isn’t it?! I have to be all things to myself because I am alone. I realised that it’s sincerity and kindness that melts the armour off of me. I haven’t been exposed to much of that throughout chemo and it’s kept the armour up and made me strong. Tonight whilst soaking in the bath I remembered how shocked I was to feel a mans hand on my arm and I realised how much cancer has taken away from me and how long it may be before I can have those things back once again. On the outside, I am now a hideous monster not worthy of a mans attention. I have no hair, no eyebrows, no eyelashes and I am the size of a small country. My confidence is at an all time low and I would rather walk around looking at the floor, than risk eye contact with someone. Everything feminine has been stripped from my being. I hate cancer so much for all it has taken from me. Soon it will take one of my breasts to boot. I am surprised that I still have a sense of humour and a smile. It has almost ground me into nothing.I was trying to think of someone I knew that was also alone in their life, but I couldn’t think of a single person I know. So to all of you, please don’t ever take for grantedyour partners and family. For their presence and simple touch is something to behold.Perhaps tonight’s breakdown is a symptom of relief of getting to the end of chemo? Maybe I needed to cry it out? All I know is that the engine refresh is complete (the inside is fixed) and now it’s time to get the chassis done (the outside)! Deep breath… and on I go. It can only get better from now on.Cancer is a Bitch and fighting it alone isn’t easy.Over and out…x