Hello, I have just joined this group.¥	Hello, I have just joined this group and am grateful for any advice from people who have done this before me.¥	A little bit about my history..... I first had a Breast cancer in 2002, but it was a very unusual one. A Phyllodes Tumour which is usually non malignant but in my case had malignant changes to it, and was very rapid growing. I had the tumour removed and the recommendation was to remove all the tissue surrounding it, and as I was fairly well endowed then, it was decided the best way to go was a large Breast reduction to remove a lot of tissue. I decided to have this done bilaterally as I didn't want to be very mismatched, and had the surgery successfully. Follow up subsequently showed all traces of the tumour gone, and I was fine for 10 years.¥	in 2012 I had a routine mammogram and had a recall letter..... I just knew it would not be good news. A small tumour detected, nothing I could feel, but there all the same. I had a wide local excision and sentinel node biopsy, followed by a second surgery as they hadn't taken enough around the margins the first time. At the follow up appointment I was advised that it didn't need chemotherapy as it was found very early and they were confident it was all removed, so I had three weeks of daily radiotherapy and was put on Tamoxifen. I have had a couple of check ups since, was assured I was fine and to be honest I thought I could forget about it.¥	At the beginning of this year I started having back pain, and sought advice from my GP when it didn't go away. Having done rest and ibuprofen for a while, the pain was actually increasing and at times was unbearable. My GP sent me to have an X-ray and also an ultrasound and to my surprise the X-ray diagnosed a fracture in my spine. I was given a referral to an orthopaedic surgeon, and in the meantime the scan came back showing "something" on my liver. At this stage (beginning of March) my GP sent me to hospital, and within 24 hours I was on the oncology ward, lying flat and waiting for surgery to stabilise my spine. Yes, I have secondary bone tumours and one of the vertebra had crumbled. I was very shocked as I really thought the Breast cancer had gone. I have had surgery done, and come home, and been back to the oncology clinic and have a plan.¥	I have had another 5 doses of radiotherapy, this time to my spine, just finished on Thursday, and have started on Denosumab injections with a calcium supplement.  This is to strengthen my bones and help to prevent further fractures. The CT and MRI scans showed I have areas of tumour in several places in my spine, and also in my hip. I am not sure how extensive the liver involvement is. On Monday I have to go back for a chemotherapy planning session, the doctor said it will be EC chemotherapy, six courses over 18 weeks, and I should start within a week of the planning meeting.¥	So, really I am wondering what to expect from EC chemotherapy. I was warned I would loose my hair but I wondered how others have found it, what side effects to expect, how quickly you recover from each session etc. I have a few things in my diary I really do not want to miss over the summer, not much but a couple of weekends that are important for me to go to if I can. I also have my younger daughters wedding in September. I hope I shall be finished with the chemotherapy by then but I may need a very nice hat.¥	Any advice on how to cope with the chemotherapy very gratefully received. This has all come as a massive shock, I stopped work as a nurse in September and was making a new career for myself teaching patchwork and quilting, and hoping to spend a bit of time at home. I am 58 and keep fairly active, so finding myself unable to do very much is a change!¥	Thankyou in advance for any advice you can give me on the chemotherapy or any other aspect of coping with secondary cancer in the spine.