Tamoxifen Brand¥	Hi everyone,¥	I'm four months on now from my initial treatment of chemotherapy 8 rounds, right mastectomy full lymph node clearance and 18 radiotherapy rounds. I'm now trying my best to get back to some sort of normality, trying to build my hours back at work and start catching up with friends and so on.¥	I started taking tamoxifen at the start of the year. I was initially on the relonChem brand. At first I noticed the side effects then I settling into a routine with them. I then went to get my new prescription...I was given wodhardt. Oh dear...I started to feel quite unwell on this brand...terrible hot sweats, and a feeling not unlike an allergic reaction. Very tight throat, difficulty swallowing etc. I then was lucky to get a box of Relonchem for a month. Again, felt fine on these.¥	This last few weeks, I've visited ten pharmacies, having had Relonchem brand on order at my local pharmacy for a month But no delivery. I have been trying teva brand this last few weeks and again have been feeling very unwell on them. Terrible hot sweats, headaches, dizziness, feeling faint, no sleep, feeling depressed. I spoke to my BC nurse and she said it's unlikely the different brands would cause any differing in side effects. I spoke to the pharmacy and they said yes they believe the different coatings and filler can cause differing side effects in people And that I need to find a brand that suits me.¥	The frustration is I have found the brand that suits me but I can't seem to get hold of it anywhere. Has anyone else had this situation? What can I do to try and get hold of the brand that suits me? ¥	Any advice or experiences would be interesting to hear.¥	many thanks for listening.¥	lucy x3332 Lucy¥	Hello Sweetie,¥	I'm sorry you have found a lump but honestly that doesn't mean that it is automatically cancer even if your mum did get it young. You are doing exactly the right thing going to see your GP ASAP. You sound like a very sensible young woman. The GP will want to examine the lump and then dependant upon a number of factors the GP will probably refer you to your nearest breast clinic for a mammogram (which doesn't hurt) and possibly an ultrasound scan (which also doesn't hurt). Once the doctor has made your referral to the clinic the appointment comes quickly (couple of days) and you get seen about 7-14 days later. Take someone with you 'cos you can get a lot of information and it doesn't always sink in!¥	I wish for you everything that you would wish for yourself,¥	Hugs and all my best wishes xx