Deep Breaths - Here Goes...... UPDATE .......Tickets Reduced In Price!¥	Hi Folks,¥	Hope you are all managing to keep smiling through I know what can be very tough and worrying times.¥	As some of you will know I have organised The 1st Inspiration and Hope Summer Ball for Friday 12th June 2015 at The Mercure Royal Hotel Hull.¥	However due to a struggle to sell tickets because of 3/4 charity balls in the same area within 4-6 weeks - I have dropped the price and tickets were £60 with table for ten £550¥	Tickets are now £45 each or a table for ten £400!¥	This will make the event break even with tickets sales (unless a business steps up to the plate and sponsors the event) but with the auction and raffle prizes at least some extra funds will be raised.¥	It is a charity ball with a difference because we have a Champagne Reception, Three Course Meal, a full cabaret show running as well as Auction, raffles etc and the usual dancing.  Plus it is a live music event with no DJ or backing tracks..¥	The proceeds will be split three equal ways between MacMillan, Neo Natal Intensive Care Hull and Special Care Baby Unit Scarborough.¥	(Just thought I would give it a mention - tickets are on sale now if anyone wants to go give me a shout)¥	The hotel have given a discount on double / twin rooms with two sharing including breakfast at £60 per room for ball guests (password on the reservation which will be sent with tickets)¥	Anyway that is not why I am here today......¥	Monday morning I received my hospital appointsment for my 2nd year Annual Review and Mammogram after my original Breast Cancer treatment.¥	I was sailing along organising the ball quite happily but I have to say seeing the appointments and what they were for written in cold black and white really knocked me for 6 for a couple of days and made me remember just what a scary demon this thing is which causes so much chaos in our lives.¥	On the other hand I have to say that considering the guest of honour at the ball is my Mum who will be celebrating her 90th birthday on the day¥	Mum is / was a Breast Cancer sufferer - she had her mastectomy wayyyy back in 1998¥	Plus she has also had 2 seperate operations to replace heart valves¥	(it was going to be a big family party but then I had a secondary cancer scare just before Christmas which really scared the living daylights out of me - which is why I turned the party into a charity ball)¥	So if my Mum can keep going despite all that has happened to her I feel sure I can even though sometimes it can get a bit rocky and rough.¥	Big hugs for everybody - especially those who have just been diagnosed and are scared xxx