What Do You Think Is The Worst Symptom Of Depression?   chaoscontrol , 03 Nov 2014We all know depression can affect people in different ways and I have always been aware that for me, my depression (and frustration and anger) isconstantly fuelled by my inability to THINK clearly. I feel I have been robbed of my mind and it hurts so bad knowing I am a mere shadow of my former self as a result. For example, I feel like I cannot concentrate on something for even a second, reading words/books is almost impossible, and by the end of trying to be normal and knowing I'm so impaired to do so, I feel so worthless that I cannot complete simple 'tasks' that the hole just gets bigger. I've been suffering with depression for around 8 years now (I'm 22 and was first put on medication at 16) and I think that because my whole being is in such sadness and pain, I cannot concentrate on ANYTHING else except my pain and I run through in my head 24/7 ALL DAY about how I can get rid of it no matter where I am. Can anyone else relate? What is your worst symptom? I'd love to hear your thoughts on the subject.A Final Thought   chaoscontrol , 23 Apr 2015Hi everyone, I guess the best place to mass spread a message is the internet so here goes: I know life is hard. I know things don't always go our way and I know how bad the pain hurts. I just want you to know no matter how alone you feel, no mater how much you question the point of life, there is always someone out there that cares about you so much even if you don't know it and I am writing this message to you because I deeply care about you and I want you to know it. Some times pain is inevitable and thats ok, pain is a part of life but focusing just on pain only breeds more pain. The only thing pain cannot withstand is love. People are afraid to express their love in fear of pain but I can assure you this is only because pain fears it and love, a connection between people, is the only eternal source of wealth, not things.  People spend so much of their time and even their whole lives trying to acquire material objects, status, money etc. which all but fades and feel so down when they can't get what they want, but in the end none of that truly matters so why get beat up about it? Why let our lives and happiness depend on it. None of those things are required to spread and express love and compassion to fellow beings which is the true purpose of life and available to us all within us, this very moment, beneath all the jealously, anger, bitterness, resentment and hurt that may temporarily exist.  Rather than dwelling on what you have or don't have, what isn't and what might have been, I'm asking you all to just practice forgetting your pain for just one minute, to forget about yourself and instead to focus on others, spreading love to them. Anyone you might meet; an old friend, family, an acquaintance, the lady at the bus stop, the child across the road, the cashier at the checkout... A warm smile, a genuine concern, a compliment, a helping hand, an interest... Don't think about it, just feel it. Imagine what the world would be if we could all behave this way? If someone met you with such feeling? People are not inherently bad, mainly people are just confused and scared and that manifests itself in all sorts of ways so never judge others because not only do we all have our own issues that unite us but we all have one other thing in common; our time in this world is limited and one day the gift of life that we have will be up. Pain wants to stay alive and to do so it will keep you trapped running in circles feeding on more pain and more things to blame if you let it. But don't fight against it, because love cannot exist without pain for how can we know it so? But perhaps our pain is a gift in that the more pain we have felt, the more love and compassion to others we can express? Partly, our pain survives because we are only so focused on and concerned with ourselves. There is nothing more important in life than spreading love throughout the world and to other beings. Do not put anything else before it. Not money, not your job, your reputation, even yourself because none of those things truly matter and are really only as a means to feel what doesn't even come close to resembling true love.  Don't worry about 'beating' your sadness, instead just focus on giving love. All it takes is a conscious decision that with practise will strengthen. Not only can love save lives but also create friendships and memories and really, in your final hours what else could be more important? Even though I feel pain as I write, I love you all and I hope you learn to connect with the love, the part of you, the strength inside of you, that is always there, to set you and others free. - O