I'm A Mess At This Point, Don't Even Know What To Do, No One Really Gives Me Any Good Advice  bri33 ,Ê26 Apr 2015I spent over ten years working on improving my life. ÊI went from obese to slim, poor to doing OK, really bad social anxiety to getting a dating coach and putting myself out there. I'm still alone, and I'm still miserable. ÊEven after all these 'improvements' I think to myself how I was better off ten years ago since I had hope. ÊI'm self employed and not really working, I have no motivation to work knowing if you put a billion dollars in my bank account nothing about my life would change and I'd still be miserable the next day. ÊWhenever I ask for advice I get some general stuff like go to the gym and take vitamin D and in two week you will be fine. Or some other general stuff (eg someone told me to just ask people to have breakfast with you, but I have no friends, and no one to ask) ÊI put all this effort into making my life better and have nothing to show for it, on top of that, when people tell me to do stuff I already tried and failed at, they look down at me. ÊYou hear so much how no one wants to be around depressed/negative people, that you have to put on an act, at this point I'm sick of that act and have just completely withdrawn and not even trying to be social.ÊI don't want to hear things will get better, they aren't going to magically get better at this point. ÊI'm almost 30, if they haven't gotten better by now they never will. ÊI'm really sad and regretful I've basically missed the best years of my life at this point. ÊÊI've previously sought help, been on some anti depressants, and nothing has helped. ÊAt this point waking up in the morning is a struggle, and I won't be fully ready until 1-2pm by the time I'm out of bed and shower. ÊI've been traveling, and at this point going from sublet to sublet, not really fixed in one location, so even if I wanted help I can't commit to anyone because I can't commit to a doctor. ÊI just kind of want to cash out my retirement, say fuck it and stop stressing over not making moneyÊI just don't know what to even do at this point. ÊI'm not suicidal and scared of death, but at same time see myself eventually just committing suicide. ÊI really don't care to live anymore tbh, I see no reasons logically why things should ever get better. I have no motivation to do anything, I don't enjoy doing anything, every day just consists of me doing nothing. ÊI really don't know what to even do at this point, things have just progressively gotten worse and worse over the last few years and I just feel tortured.