Am I depressed, or just lazy?Recently, I've been questioning whether I am clinically depressed, or "just lazy" - it takes incredible effort for me to do simple things that should be automatic for people, like getting up and showering, brushing my teeth, feeding myself, etc. (in fact, I should be showering right now...). Most of the time it's a great struggle to even get out of bed - when it's a weekend or break from school, I'll sleep until the early hours of the afternoon, sometimes just because even though I'm not necessarily tired, I can't find motivation to do anything else. When school is in, I come home and go straight to my bed, for hours. I just can't find the motivation within myself to do anything else.I also find that lately, I haven't had much of a desire to hang out with my friends or get up to do similar fun activities. When I'm with my friends, I'm often distant; sometimes I sit there on my phone instead of talking to the group of people around me because for some reason I just can't stand to talk to them.One of my biggest problems is that I haven't been doing my homework lately - again, there is no motivation for me to do so. At the same time, I feel incredibly guilty about this; I know I have to do my homework, but for some odd reason I just can't. I feel like a complete failure and I don't understand what's happening to me or why I feel so lazy all the time. My dad doesn't help much - he's basically called me a failure too, and is constantly criticizing me for my grades and the dismal outlook of my future rather than trying to help me in any sort of way.I feel trapped in this position where I want to go to college (I even have one picked out, along with a possible major) and be successful and have a wonderful life, and I absolutely love learning things and gaining knowledge, but I feel no motivation to study for tests, do my homework, or do anything in general that would boost me towards my goals. I'm stuck and I don't know why.One of the main things that makes me feel like this might not be depression is that I'm not sad. I don't feel depressed, as in the definition of the word itself. I was depressed last year, and I remember feeling miserable and helpless and unreasonably sad constantly, but I don't feel that now. Now, I just feel lethargic, empty, and generally like a failure. I am lazy to the point where it controls my life - but is it really just "laziness," or something more?