Am I Beaten ?I have had severe anxiety and depression for the last nine months. I think it was triggered after taking a small amount of powder cocaine last summer. I knew it was a stupid thing to do, but I was feeling quite dissapointed with my life at the time. I didn't like my job, was always arguing with and resenting my girlfriend, I couldn't keep seem to keep still, not sleeping well and drinking and smoking a bit of cannabis every weekend. This went on for a few years. It wasn't great, but it was manageable and I felt ok most of the time. Then things got worse with my job and girlfriend and I just thought what is the point of being stuck in this situation I hate for the rest of my life ? I thought the cocaine might help me enjoy life and I could keep it under control. I had tried it once quite a few years ago.It did what I expected, but not for long. Shortly after taking it I felt fantastic, but then a few days later I was sitting with my girlfriend and felt a sensation in my head like the blood was draining out. Then I started feeling really dizzy and had a massive panic attack and sort of felt like I wasn't real. I tried going to bed and sleeping it off but found I couldn't sleep. These symptoms have continued ever since along with depression and anxiety of a magnitude I never thought possible. I threw away all the cocaine when these symptoms first started and haven't touched any since.I have been doing lots of walking, eating very healthily, trying to do the CA program, cutting down caffeine and nicotine, tracking my mood in a spreadsheet every day and trying to get on with normal things.Ê The insomnia did get better after a few months, maybe after I quit alcohol and I have improved since then in other areas as well. But I am still very depressed and have feelings of overwhelming guilt. I see the bad in everything most of the time and get intrusive thoughts that make me totally hate myself. Things look empty and meaningless and I can't really find enjoyment or pleasure in anything I do.I tried an antidepressant briefly but it made me feel really bad. I couldn't sleep and was having bizarre thoughts so I had to stop after 2 days. I am very frightened of the side effects of prescription drugs and if my problem is essentially addiction, then how can they help because anti depressants are not a silver bullet for addiction.In the evening after dinner when the sun sets is my favorite time because I usually feel a sense of relative peace and optimism descend on me.