ÊOut of options Êmarct,Ê2  Hi guys,First post so bear with me. (little life story ahead). I have been suffering with depression for quite some years now. Believe it started with my parents splitting when I was 6 and at 10 years old my dad moved 250+ miles away. I remember crying for weeks and weeks and not going to school because of it. I then later suffered various deaths in the family including watching my uncle die at the age of 13.Ive rarely ever let my low mood get on top of me. I had a fantastic long term girlfriend who put up with so much (now that i look back). I landed myself a good job and started to sort myself out. Then my mums new partner ran off with her best friend, tor our family apart and did a runner leaving my mum with £250k+ of debt. House was sold blah blah and long and short of it, at 20 I was made to stand on my own two feet. I moved out and got myself a flat with a friend also in need.Money was always tight and as far as im aware, living anywhere in the uk, especially near to london, housing costs and general living are at an all time high and earning money is becoming harder and harder. My friend I moved in with stole over £1000 off of me and ran, leaving my best friend and their 6 month old son too. (how people can do this is beyond me and I often found myself getting very very angry at these people, anger has always been an issue too). I then went through a nasty and prolonged split of my girlfriend. We were together 6 years and she was my childhood sweetheart. We grew up through our entire teens together.In my earlier years regarding the anger, I used to hurt myself, it made me feel better. The pain was like the frustration leaving my body. I used to hurt myself which made me almost calm. Sound horrific I know, but it was my coping method. I have seemed to have grown out of it in recent years and found other coping methods (although these aren't necessarily any safer/better).Finally, about 2 years ago, after all of this happening, my depression really seemed to get a hold of my life. I went to my GP and they reffered me to Healthy Minds (NHS) who were absolutely f***ing useless!! I then met another female, and things were looking up. the everyday pains were bearable. I had someone to take my mind off things. She was perfect. My saviour and soul mate. After 5 months of being together it came to light that she had been hiding the fact she had 2 children. I had absolutely no idea! I knew the kids as her nieces and not her own. (I never met them but questioned photos etc). she then cut all contact after telling me. Moved house, changed numbers, deleted social media. Full shabang! This sent me on a horrific downward spiral, blaming myself for everything. I was a broken mess. Another visit to a new GP and a course of SSRI's were started.I started on citalopram, after this making no difference at all was switched onto fluoxetine. I stuck with the fluoxetine for around 6 months despite the horrifc side effects. They did little to even remotely lift my mood, some days were better than others but on a whole, I was still a mess. I spiraled downwards and was eventually signed off of work for a month. About a week later, I made an attempt of my life. Luckily I had a friend come to the rescue. Being off work brought financial implications as SSP in the uk is a measly £86 a week. (my rent at the time was £700 a month without any bills/living costs). I ended up on the highest dose of fluoxetine the doctor would prescribe and after a month off i returned to work in October 2014. My job is very stressfull and I work upwards of 60 hours a week. After my time off, some of my colleagues took a turn and decided that I would become the office target. Unfortunately one of these people was my manager. The bullying was ruthless. Only me, and one other, a girl who had recently started. Many attempts were made and nothing was done. I just kept my head down and tried to block it out. After dragging myself through the christmas period I decided the fluoxetine wasn't working and were making matters worse so me and my GP came to the decision to ween me off of them.ÊAfter a few weeks I was on the verge again, so started a course of Mirtazepine. I was signed off of work again about 5 weeks ago now.I had always suffered with anxiety but i could always control it and wouldn't allow it to stop me from doing things. When i stopped the fluoxetine, well, its been getting progressively worse. My GP started me off with some beta blockers, propranolol to try and treat this. Load of sh*t! Was then moved to Prochlorperazine, still to no avail what so ever. My anxiety got so bad I wouldn't leave my room, let alone my house. I begged my GP for something. The mirtazepine wasnt helping my anxiety and I clouldnt leave the house. Diazepam...Its eased it. slightly, on higher doses only. 5mg is a minimum before I even feel relaxed enough to do something. Im running out of tablets and my GP has already expressed his dislike for prolonged use of benzo's.So here I am, currently signed off of work. No money, cant afford my now £950 rent let alone food and a decent standard of living. I am due to ween off of the Mirtazapine and start a course of Venlafaxine, however im pretty unhopeful as everything else has failed until now. The mirtazepine has helped with my sleeping somewhat. Insomnia kills me, I lie awake until 5/6am most days, still do, except the mirtazepine has allowed me to sleep deeper. I feel more refreshed when i wake up. Still doesnt allow me to sleep though. I relied on sleeping tablets alot but they made me feel groggy the next day and after a few prescriptions of zopiclone, again my doctor isnt in favour of giving me too many.ÊI have always used cannabis to help me get to sleep as I couldn't lie awake until 5am and then get up at 6 for work. I was falling asleep at my desk. Still, to this day it is the only thing that can get me off to sleep and means i dont feel rough the morning after. Im aware it probably doesnt help my mental condition, although i am a firm believer in its medicinal qualities. I suffer with migranes and ZERO appetite (since the Antidepressents especially. I have lost nearly 4 stone in the last 1 1/2 years. Bare in mind I was 12 stone and 5'11 so pretty average) so it helps with these. especially increases appetite and I have started to gain small amounts of weight again. It also helps with the anxiety, im not a heavy smoker by any means, but a few puffs on a joint is enough to calm my anxiety in order for me to perform simple tasks. Such as taking the bins out (this took me 3 days, worst period of anxiety ive ever experienced).ÊMy question to anyone on here (if you havent got bored of my nattering already) is, has anyone else experienced anything similar. How did you cope. what did you take. what can i do. The only way I am leading a normal life currently is by being dosed up on diazepam, which is fine, it doesnt make me drowsy and doesnt seem to do alot other than keep me calm, kinda like having a few puffs on a joint.ÊWhat do i do. I am out of ideas.Ê