Worried how I am going to cope when my wife gives birth to child number 2 in a few weeks...Hi everyone. I am relatively new to the forums. Have found it helpful so far (thanks all for your support to those that have written to me). Just need to vent really about my situation at the moment as I am worrying a lot..I am a 30 year old married guy with a young son (he will be 3 in May) and my wife is 35 weeks pregnant and will be having our second child in the next few weeks. She is most likely going to have to have a Caesar too so will be needing even more support from me. I work full time doing shift work at all weird and wonderful hours but will get a few weeks off when the baby comes.I have only been on antidepressants about 6 months but have probably been depressed for a few years. Was in denial for a long time. My wife reckons I haven't been the same man since our son was born in 2012 and I tend to agree. As much as I adore and love my son to bits, I have struggled with fatherhood and the way it has changed my life (and our relationship) forever.I feel like I have no time at all for me anymore and am really worried this will get even worse when the baby comes. I am excited about the birth but also really scared! Saw my doctor recently and she thinks I should stay on the tablets for now and thinks I am going to need them for a while.Have recently been trying to increase the amount of physical activity I am doing with some success but can't see it lasting once baby arrives. There just isn't going to be anytime.. I am sure anyone with young kids or kids in general can relate?? Or am I wrong?Finding it very difficult to relax and wind down after work. I come home and it is straight into playing cars, toilet training, cleaning up endless mess and trying to maintain a house, garden and pay bills etc. I know I sound like a real whinger and this is just everyday life, but how am I going to cope with a new born baby on top of all of this too? And try and manage my moods and find time for me. It is going to be a real struggle. Feel sick just thinking about it to be honest.



On the brink of falling into another hole. Really can't afford to - 3 year old and 3 week old baby to look after.Hi everyone. I haven't posted for a while. Been feeling flat and low. I have had the last 4 weeks off work, supporting my wife and looking after our new baby son. Has been great being there at this special time but it has also been overwhelming. I go back to work tomorrow and wonder how that is going to go with a lack of sleep.Have been managing my depression ok for a while but some early warning signs are telling me I could be on the way down again. Haven't exercised at all for over a month, got no energy, losing interest in things and feeling hopeless again. Not sure what I can do to arrest the downward spiral as I don't have much time for me at the moment. My wife is relying on me as she is still recovering from a caessarian and is feeling overwhelmed with the new baby and our other young son. Any thoughts or advice would be great.