First Doctor Appointment Tomorrow, Getting Cold Feet.Ê  grownnutkid ,Ê26 Apr 2015Ok, little bit of back story. I've struggled with depression since my teens. At 15 I was diagnosed with depression, and also told that I had a "chemical imbalance", that was probably permanent, and I would likely need antidepressants (They gave me Imimpramine) for most of my life. I was 15, and had no idea how they arrived at that second part of the diagnosis, but was not happy about it. I hated the side effects of the meds, and the suggestion there was something "wrong" with me. However, I did get better. But a few years later, in college I stopped taking the meds. Since then I have clearly had troubles with alcohol (early, then stopped drinking in 2000), and then after kids, depression. But it's never been officially diagnosed again since I've spent most of my adult life trying to deny it was happening. In 2009-2010, it got bad enough to be suicidal, but still I did not seek help. I treated myself with vitamins, diet, exercise, etc. As I get older (39 now), it seems to be getting more frequent, and more difficult to fight back. In the last year I've been through two major depressions, and the current one was suicidal for a few months. I got very strict with my diet, and managed to improve from those darker depths. Where I'm at now is just sort of numb, not enjoying anything, and still only getting a fraction of my responsibilities done.In earlier years I never had health insurance, I do now, and now, I just can't do this any more. I'm improving slowly, but already sweating when the next one is coming. In 3 weeks I have to get through another visit from my in laws (whom I feel contributed to the darkness of the depression during then winter) and I'm just.so.tired.ÊSo I made an appointment with a family doctor, to first get blood work and rule out things like thyroid , diabetes, vitamin deficiencies, and then assuming those come back clean, finally after all these years ask for an antidepressant.Problem is, tonight, on the eve of this appointment, there is this voice in my head making a valiant effort to talk me out of going. Arguing that I'm improving, why am I going now? What if the doctor doesn't believe me. Am I giving up? Am I weak?I could just really use some encouragement that I'm doing then right thing. How do I make peace with this illness?Ê