Blah Vent Period WorkÊ  Catherine Glass ,Ê22 Apr 2015I wonder if folk who have never had depression get these days. I say days because I feel rotten right now, but I don't think I'm clinically depressed. But days like today the memory of all the awful awful awful emotions that are depression feel very present.ÊWhat's messed up is that I don't know what triggered it. I've been super anxious the last week or so, but not like this. Anxiety, listlessness, those were the only slightly uncomfortable feelings I was experiencing. But today a big dose of self loathing entered the mix.ÊWhat I think might have triggered it is a combination of things: 1) I have to do a presentation in front of about one hundred of my professional brethren in a little over a week. 2) Almost two years of trying and I'm not pregnant yet. 3) The cockroaches are back. 4) I can't get rid of the fleas. 5) I just started a new job and my predecessor did not do me any favors when he left. 6) Stuff is in such a ding dang mess I can't do my job well. 7) I let down an important person at work today. 8) That same important person, well I let him down a second time and this time I had an audience who witnessed my failure. 9) On Monday I gave my yearly objectives statement to my supervisor and he suggested I was being overly ambitious and perhaps a lil arrogant. 10) My mom texted me on Monday and just the thought of her is a trigger when I'm feeling low. 11) My head aches. 12) My back aches. 13) My nightmares have returned after a very lengthy hiatus. 14) I'm on my period.I have a great counselor. I wish I could talk to her right now. I wish I could cry for ten minutes. That's a luxury I indulge in only at counseling because my fiance is clueless when it comes to this stuff.But gosh, I love this forum. Find the joy in every day and praise it, someone told me. Well being able to vent a lil and process these emotions here is this day's joy. And to anyone who answers, you are the icing on my cake.Ê