Loss of a parent in your 20's - 40's I lost my mum when I was 30.  She was my best friend, my everything and the only family i had except my daughter.  When she died it was like someone had taken my safety net away.  I have changed so much.  I have not yet learnt to live a happy life without her.I am suprised there are not really any forums about loss of loved ones.  It is so life changing.  I figured it fitted in to the depression forum as I have been constantly depressed since she died (although I have had depression since I was 15).  In a way she was my carer as far as my depression went.  She was th eonly one who got me completely.  She always knew what to do.  She would fight my battles when I was too depressed to fight them for me.Then there are things like parenting advice - I have never had her advice about the teenage years and boy have I needed it!!Christmas and Birthdays (Im not so sure if this is quite the same as if you have a large family, please correct me if I am wrong) are just ruined.  Especially Christmas - my mum did Christmas for 30 years (and her mum was alive o my nan would be there) , my whole life.  Now Christmas day is just me and my daughter.  I love watching her open her presents but all day I hurt so much.  It is not right.  Christmas is no longer Christmas.Then there are occasioanlly bad feelings in the mix too.  My mum was with a guy she had been with for 7 years when she died.  She left everything (and she had quite a lot, she was a top accountant) to him.  I get half the worth of he house when he dies. No uni fund for my daughter.  No little bit of savings when i get in to trouble (which I am, my rent is more than I earn!).I try to understand by thinking she must of thought my step dad would have looked after us.  He travelled the world, bought a new motorbike and a boat.  I havent spoken to him in 3 years.  Once when an ex threw me and my daughter out on the streets i asked for his help and I didnt even get a reply.It crushes your life.  I would like to hear of other peoples experience of the loss of a parent.And if anyone has any ways to cope I would REALLY like to hear them.ThanksSue

I'm desperate please can someone help me find more support? I have had depression for 20 years.  In the beginning I had to be out in to an inpatient place for 6 months.  Over the years with both medication, self-help books and the massive help of my mother I have managed to cope.My mum died nearly 5 years ago.  Since then I have not managed so well.Recently I realised I had a problem with the painkillers i was being prescribed for a medical issue and I am coming off them.  It turns out that they were the glue that was holding me together.Now I am in a terrible state.  So down, signed off work, under the care of my GP, changed medications, been put forward for CBT (not heard anything yet) and have been paying for a counsellor - none of this is helping.I actually sat in front of my doctor and said yesterday even though I have always strugggled with suicidal thoughts I could not do that to my daughter, she is 15, how could i put her through what broke me?  However over the last few days I just want to die.  I cannot cope feeling like this anymore.  I am the only wage earner so I have to go back to work but how can I when i can hardly get out of bed or wash?  I cry literally all day sometimes.  I get no pleasure from anything.  I love my daughter and my animals but what good am I to them in this state?My question is where can I get more help?  I have looked at private clinics and they are so expensive no-one but the very rich or those with health insurance (which I would never get for depression) could afford it.So what do I do?  Where can I go? Who can help me? I have no other family its just me and my daughter.  I have been signed off for my endometriosis so work don't know I'm depressed as once that is on my record you get labeled and I think that atitude to mental health has NOT changed and employers do not want someone who could end up having loads of time off.  Do I finally admit to work that it is depression? I am at the beginning of a new career (I resigned from a very good job to retrain) so I am on very bad money at the moment.  It would probably mean I would not progress - I cannot continue to live on the wage I am on.I just need to be taken away and have some intensive therapy without the stress of life.I am so afraid, the minute I wake the mental pain hits me in the face.  I really cannnot do this for much longer I am so desperate.Is there something I am missing? Can i get help from somewhere? Does anyone have any ideas? I am in the UK and live in Surrey.Thanks