Just Joined-Worst Year Ever   panda1977 , 28 Apr 2015Hi all I've been reading all your entries for the last few days and I must say it's nice to find people who feel like me-like most of you, it seems like everyone around me is having a jolly old time and I'm trapped in my own brain. I lost my mum about 8 years ago (suddenly-and the last time I saw her in person I was mad at her). My dad now has cancer and won't last the year, he lives in another country but is married. I had a couple of miscarriages at the end of last year and dad is the last of my living relatives, so the pressure is on-plus I'm 37 now so there's no knowing if I'll even be able to. I was adopted myself as a baby, so I'm open to that idea but with most adptions being open these days, I'm not sure if this is somethign I want to do and the way things are at the minute, no one in their right mind would give me a child to care for! I'm not on meds because of trying to get pregnant, I've had depressive/anxiety episodes since I was in school I think, but alwys thought it was just me being dramatic or weird. I spend most of time listing ways in which I suck and thinking through the options of suicide, although I've no intention of carrying them out but it makes me feel like there are options y'know? Utterly bored of being so down on myself as I know you can all relate to. I sleep a lot and wake up in the night thinking of all the ways I've gone wrong. partner isn't like me and can't understand why I get like this. Don't have many friends and most colleagues have stopped talking to me beyond work stuff-not sure exactly why this is. On the same level/relative wage as I was ten years ago and I've been doing a part time degree for over ten years because I struggle to concentrate and panic when I have essays to write. I have no confidence in myself, I have no hobbies at present and I don't know what I like anymore. I did train as a PT in a gym after I lost my mum and it went well for a few years but then I got myself in an awkward situation with a colleague after a year of not getting along with my partner too well (he got made redundant and it put a strain on us) and left for my current job(same building). I hate office work and I made a huge mistake going back to it, especially for such poor wages. There are loads of things I can't do that people take for granted: I can't drive on the motorway, I can't follow sports-I'm generally a dope in many ways. Next week I have an interview for a better paying job and I have my penultimate essay of this module to do (only one more module and I finally graduate). Unsure how I'm going to fnd the focus for either of these things as I just can't concentrate or summon the motivation right now whatsoever. I would like to improve my situation, but at the same time want to run away as I don't believe I can perform as a regular functional adult. It's just so hard!! So sorry to blather on but it just felt good to get it down in writing, so do feel free to not read all of the above! I also realise it sounds pathetically self-pityng. I'm not though, I think most of my problems are my own fault. thanks all