 She won't take no for an answer!A couple of weeks ago, I broke off a year long relationship because of her son. His constant yelling and banging on things was making me twitch and become very hyper-vigilant and filled with anxiety(PTSD). Ever since then, she has done everything she can think of to manipulate me into seeing her or going out, or just asking questions to rope me into a conversation that I would rather not have. Last night, she asked if I wanted to meet for dinner. Tonight she invites my daughter and I to an event. I told her no and that I didn't really walk away "happy". I'm not proud that I walked away. I am not happy that the relationship ended. She is a good person, but the whole reason for leaving was the environment where her son needs a male role model in his life, since his dad is a ragging alcoholic, and pays no mind to his kids. The kid has problems that I cannot fix, but she keeps missing the point about me leaving. It is because I have to tend to my own mental health. She says that my mental state is very important to her, but she persists in finding ways to make me feel guilty or sad in very subtle ways. Depression sucks! I wish it would just leave me alone and let me think clearly!Born2Fly71



Embarrassment in depressionI was invited to a track meet to see my girlfriend's oldest son compete, but I could not find the location even with a GPS. Through lots of texting, I finally made it, but felt like a total idiot after all was said and done. Ended up getting a wicked sunburn after 2 hours. Felt horrible, but attended a get together that evening at my girlfriend's house. 15-20 people including kids and her out-of-control 6 year old son. I felt awful all evening, and decided to lay down. Her son in the next room screaming and banging on everything; my head felt like it would explode. Finally, I had to excuse myself and leave. I felt like a total tool bag. I need peace and quiet to get through these episodes of major depression. I'm not trying to isolate, I just want to feel better. Letting myself get all worked up, and I am wondering if I should even be in this relationship, or seek peace for my own mental state. Today was a rough day that could have been avoided. Alone in the quiet.I posted a few weeks ago about how my GF's son was driving me to be symptomatic. As much as I hate to hurt people, I had to break the relationship off. She was very upset and apologetic, but I could not continue to be in that environment. I told her that I was not interested in a relationship with anyone because of my major depression and PTSD. Now I find my self calm in the quiet of a peaceful house, but alone. It is not really registering as a loss, but not really a gain either. Loneliness with depression is a sad place to be. Not sure where to go from here except focus on work and get my symptoms to calm down. Blog scare on wordpress! I came across a feed on my blog the other day written by someone called "Depressionless". The blog entry was "I found a way to kill myself", and featured a picture of a noose. Lots of people commented and pleaded with the person not to take their own life. I posted the suicide hotline number and pleaded the same. It is so sad that depression can bring many people to this point. As someone who witnessed a suicide attempt in my own home, I can relate with how overwhelming the pain can get. If anyone would like to reach out to this person, their blog entry is at: https://wordpress.com/read/post/id/80342095/406/Maybe they are unaware of how much help is available to them. I think they need lots of 