TrustFor years I have had depression, I am better now then in the last twenty years having taken control over some aspects of my life such as work and how I live. ÊFor years I worked hard and gave much and only others benefited. ÊI am 45 now, I have little, I left my marriage with nothing and was in an accident that left me in debt, I have no savings but if I keep going I will be able to clear my debts by the end of next year and be able to save to have my own home. ÊI worry that it's too late in life for me to be able to save and pay off a home and I'll always have to just rent someone elses but I can only try, atleast either way I can afford my lifestyle, to keep a roof over my head and take care of my pets.I went on a few dates after my marriage but the last ended after three months when he asked if I would support him so that he didn't have to go to work anymore. ÊAfter that I dismissed the idea of subjecting myself to any form of relationship, I have been on my own for two years, I have no family and my only human interaction is with work colleagues, I spend weekends alone with my pets for company and feel happy with this, I only occasionally think it may be nice to have someone to converse with or do activities with or hug. ÊI tried to join a bike club but found I actually prefer cycling alone, I joined the dog club and having a common interest through the dogs helps interacting with the people.I feel safer, more comfortable and less stressed living alone then I ever did living with someone else. ÊI don't feel judged, put down or hurt, I only occasionally feel lonely, bored or afraid. ÊI feel good about myself when I achieve things and in my ability to manage my own affairs without a need to rely on anyone else.Sometimes I try to imagine in another relationship or even just giving one a go but I dismiss the idea because I can't trust my ability to judge a good person from a bad one and am too afraid. ÊI think some people in life become so broken that they lose the ability to try again, people may say that I am cutting myself off from things that may turn out to be wonderful but I am also protecting myself from any further loss and pain. ÊI have an inability to try to trust any longer. ÊI have a tattoo which reads Trust No1 which can be read to mean either Trust Noone or Trust Number One and I do trust noone not even myself as I have made too many errors of judgement in the past.Is it wrong to not trust ever again, why does it matter if I don't?