  Telephone assessment  chazxxx, 1 Day AgoOk i know this is stupid so im sorry for even wasting a post on this. But im freaking out a little bit. I know, i know its not a big deal. Its not even like a diagnosis assessment over the phone. Its just an assessment to see what therapy would be the most usefull for me. So why the hell am i so nervous and worried!?!?!I just dont know what to say. I dont know what shes going to ask. I dont want here to think im lying or pathetic or laugh at me. Shes going to ask why i think im depressed. And im just going to be like. I dont know!!! Ive always been like this. Sure ive had events that make things seem worse. But generally i dont know. Argh i duno. Im just freaking out. I feel like its the time before your exams and you know and everyone tells you how important this is and if you dont get everything down on the exam it could really ruin your life. Im feeling some wierd pressure to say the right thing. And i dont know what that even is!!! And i know that's supid. And there isnt a right thing etc. Just gotta say how i feel n answer her questions. So why the hell am i freaking out about this. worried about starting therapy.  chazxxx, 1 Week AgoIts probably going to be a couple of weeks before i get an assessment and start therapy. But im worried. Should i even be doing this? What if this is their way of just getting information on me and using it against me in the future? Also cant exactly tell them everything (confidentiality can only go so far) so they can only "help" me so much. When i thought i was crazy, one friend in particular was quite adament i wasnt, and i think i get why now. Several of her close family were diagnosed with schizophrenia and she knew how bad it was to have that label. How limited it made them. When they were able to function quite well. I think she was trying to protect me from going through this system as i am able to function. Id had enough of going from miserable to depressed back to missrable. Suicidal thoughts plague me during this time, and whilst im not at risk of doing it currently. Im worried one of these times if it keeps happening, i'm going to just say fuck it, this just aint worth it and ill do it. But now. Thinking about the implications of going. Im not sure i want to. I cant say everything to them. And they are going to have on record forever everything i tell them. What if mental health isnt even a thing. They just make it up so people go in and disclose all this information on us so they can keep a check on everyone. The therapists dont care. They get paid. They go home at the end of the day and sigh "omg what a whiny little bitch i had today". They do that. Everyone else does in their jobs. They might act nice and try to help because thats their job. They dont say what they really think. Say your a cashier and you have a rude customer complaing, you act all nice, help them etc and soon as they leave you say well that guy was an arogant prick. Its the same thing. Why should i be giving them any data about me? Just so they can ridicule me? Collect information about me and use it against me?Am i being paranoid or is this going to make living even worse and dying (especially making it look like an accident) even harder to do?

 extremely long novel . almost a biography. don't worry I wouldn't read it either.  chazxxx, 3  Where's the line? Where's the difference between someone that is a lazy worthless waste of space that only brings dissapointment and someone that is depressed and just feels like they are. Maybe there are people with those feelings that are totally justifiable, and maybe their are people that both cause their own problems and misery and are almost "destined" to be that way, or bad fortune makes it so. Look at the rate of diagnosis, can we all really be "depressed?" Or are we just massive whiners. I don't even know. The thing is for me I've always wanted to be diagnosed with depression because that ment to me that how I felt and what I thought wasn't true and it could be fixed. But I don't think anyone in my life that I told, at any stage thought there was anything wrong with me at all. One doctor told me that I was a bit down and when he was at university he sat in his closet and cried and that he told himself no I will not be weak e.t.c so yeah he basically told me I'm choosing to be this way and to chose not to be. The RA'S at the uni said "do you really want to spend your time at university like this and not enjoy it?" This was after me loosing my mind the night before, alcohol, drugs, self harm, threatening others, kicking punching holes in the walls. Oh but yes they were right what was I thinking? I wanted to be completely Misserable and die when I should have just pressed that little switch that makes me like life. My room mates said I wasn't mental which I just wished someone would tell me I was. My boyfriend said that I was just lazy. When I told my parents. My mum had no reaction really, my dad felt offended as i partly blamed him, but was mostly angry because he doesn't believe in mental health problems (oh but he did say that the elderly had a right to be depressed btw, but not young people. Because there's nothing wrong with my life) he said all I wanted to do was be a bum like my cousin who has never worked a day in her life, doesn't leave the house and gets benefits. Yeah sure dad that's why I started working from 16 when you didn't want me to and i went to uni, just to piss away 40k and piss you off. Alright so this was all a long time ago now. But you see my point. Back then was the lowest point in my life. My ex cheated on me by having a 3 some with my 2 friends and god knows who else. I was already depressed and that just tipped me over the edge. Did drug and drink driving, had one night stands, lost most if not all my friends. But yeah anyway that was 5 years ago now. 5 years. And what the hell have I done since then? Let's see. Got turned down from assistant manager job because of my age so moved home. Had to resit 2 years of uni so it took me 5 years to complete a crappy 2:2 degree the has been of no use to me what so ever because 2:2 just isn't good enough. Had 5 diff jobs. 1. Hospital, left after 3 months, spent the entire time thinking I knew more than the doctors and nurses and physios (until one day, after trying to do physio with a man for the first time and him nearly collapsing and the nurses looking at me like scum. I just never went back and didn't even tell them they had the police check if I was ok.) I'm living back with my parents. Tried to move out with money I saved but my dad went mad and made me stay told me rent is for idiots I need to save for a morgage. So what do I do? Befriend a girl that abandoned me during the worst period of my life and during my time of unemployment. Use up 3 grand of my student loan in planing and organising 4 different hen nights for her. Then the day after the wedding we stopped being friends (I realised she hadn't changed she didn't care about me. What unbelievably greatful for everything we (the bridesmaids) did for her, got no thanks in the speech. No gratitude for the fact I drove her back n forth 50+miles several times to see her premature baby in hospital for free. Then my next job as a carer again i must of had grandiose ideas about how stupid everyone else was and how superior I was (even though they definately were stupid) but i still did the most stupid and embarrassing thing ever that could have got me into alot of trouble. All because I thought I knew better than everyone else. Went home n never turned up to work again. Oh and it was during this time, 4 years since I split with my ex (hadn't dated since) I must have decided that I missed sex or something. Did online dating met the most boring guy ever felt like I really liked him, went for a weekend away (after a month of seeing him) then realised. I had no interest in him what so ever but I liked the sex. But he was mentally screwed himself I think n was really obsessive about me so fwb was off the cards and that was the end of that. New job. Obv I know better than everyone else as per usual. Crap with shitty colleagues. My nan died. Who was the single most wonderful person I have ever known. Not just as a nan but like I say as a person too. I was so close to her. She loved unconditionally. I could tell her anything. And i watched her die. I held her hand and it grasped mine as her heart gave out. It freaked me out. They told us she was unconscious if she miraculously hadof made it she would have most likely been brain dead so my body or muscle movements were all just nerves and not her. When I start to tell that story people say to me oh no that was her telling you it's ok e.t.c. I know they think that's helpful but actually can you fuck off with that bullshit. Because I let go of her hand. If she did know somehow and she was saying goodbye, i abandoned her in her last moments... anyway. Obv I didn't take this well. Work gave me 3 days off. The day she died and the 2days after. I went back to work and then i couldn't cope. I did live-in care with an elderly lady who would keep asking me questions and it was upsetting. I'd cry myself to sleep at night. I felt so alone and just wanted to be with my family. I couldn't concentrate or focus I had fog brain and i felt I was a liability to the woman who was entrusted in my care. I took some of her medication one night. Couldn't tell you how much. I just kept taking more and more of them until I fell asleep. I woke up to a carer having got in through the back. She said she was banging n ringing the bell n banging my window but i never heard a thing. The rest of that morning Is a total blur. I never felt so rough in my life. The agency said they would get someone to cover me as the carer said I was sick (obv they didn't know about the medication) they took 5 hours to get someone out during which time I slept. Leaving a wheelchair bound woman alone. I asked for more time off as obv I wasn't coping but they told me that this is hard for them and basically a bunch of insensitive things to say to someone that was grieving. They told me I had no choice I had to work. I hung up on them. Got brought into the office to bollocks me over my attitude. Joke. Then gave a 2weeks doctors note (which I'm surprised I got as the doctor seemed to be on my employers side) anyway. Carried on there until I couldn't take it anymore. Applied to a job that I thought would kickstart a career. But I didn't get it. First time I've ever not got a job I've had a interview for. So I was unemployed again. Racking up more debt. Plus I'd already maxed out on 2 credit cards. Amongst other debts, partly due to my constant use of online gambling and going to the casino. But other than gambling and occasionally seeing my only 2 friends that's all I've really dine in the last 5 years. The rest I spend at home with my parents. I dont do recreational drugs since i came back from uni and i will never drink again because i dread the state ill be in, because i know all ill think about is my nan. Anyway during my time unemployed I tried to get a temp factory job but they never gave me any work. I bought a guitar which I was obsessed with for about a month. Before that I spent well over 1000 pounds on card making craft stuff to make and sell cards. I think I was having grandiose ideas there too considering when I tried to sell them it didn'texactly go well. Oh i also started writing a book. I got very into various projects that never lasted longer than a month. One of my best friends applied got the job I wanted. Increasing my feeling like a failure as I'm supposed to be smarter than her and generally nicer. It's a customer service role. She's rude as hell and even got a formal warning for it. Though the worst thing is just that she lied. She told me she didn't know what she was applying for. Which is bull you have to apply through their website. Anyway. Why she couldn't of text to say btw they are recruiting again im guna apply are you? Anyway I now have a job my other friends mum got me. But it's lone working Iin customer service and the public are either damn rude or damn horrible or like the other night ask you out, you find out their crazy and think what the fuck is wrong with me? That's not something I would usually do. Maybe I'm just fed up of my life going nowhere. Debts and charges looming over me. I've got 6 pet rats and 2 need a vet which I can't afford. I'm whining like a little bitch and i realise that. But I don't fucking care. Maybe nothing is that bad in my life and everyone else has it worse and all that blah blah blah but I'm fed up and bored with life now. I don't even think my past has anything to do with my head I think it's just my head it's broken. Any time I try to achieve anything I want it never works out and now I'm in position where I don'teven want aanything from my life anymore. I don't care about kids, or getting married, or having a good job and lots of money, or anything else that were supposed to strive to want in life. I don't want anything from life. Nothing at all. The only reason I am here Iis even though I know i couldn't be more of a dissapointment to my parents. They would still rather I was here than dead. I didn't like seing them upset when my dad died and I would hate to be the cause of that sadness. So I've just got to carry on zombie -ing through life a major dissapointment to myself and everyone else around me. Great fun. I've barely eaten the last few days and slept maybe 3/4hours the last 4/5 days. And I've been sat down googling what the fuck is wrong with me. I wondered if I was bi - polarbecause I ccan't understand certain periods In my life. I don't know whether I'm generally usually depressed in mindset and then have these periods of right I'm guna sort my life out and do this or that or start this project or meet someone knew. Or make things up to a friend by spending over 3k on them and then when things go wrong just slip back into depressive mode. Or wether it'sa bipolar thing? BBecause it always keeps happening. And i really do have times where I know i do think so much of myself that I'm better and smarter than most people, i have an answer or opinion for everything and always think I'm right. I dress different even and even walk outside more house in a more assertive confident manner, i make lists and feel more productive n start new projects and decided im guna write a novel or open a card shop or a cupcake shop or etc etc. Then I started thinking what started this entire post in the first place. Maybe it's neither. Maybe I'm just one of those waste of space people that everyone else thinks I am. I keep leaving jobs and waste money and then complain I'm in debt. That's not depressed that's a fucking idiot. And if I was depressed or bipolar or had anything wrong with me at all. Why am I still the only one that thinks it? Noone else notices. Noone else seems to care. My friends haven't noticed anything and I doubt that if I told them I thought I was depressed or bipolar they would agree. And my dad would say I just wana be a lazy bum all my life, that there's nothing wrong with me and get some exercise. I have no idea why I have spent the last 2 hours writing a brief synopsis of my life since I was like 18 but there you go. Guess I'm not sleeping tonight, and I'll just regret writing every single word of this once I've had some sleep. Because once you say something you can't un say it. What coping mechanisms do you use? and how do you get out of your depression?  chazxxx, 3  What coping mechanisms do you use to keep your depression at bay? I've only really had one major depressive episode. Since then maybe a couple of minor episodes but generally I can notice the signs and hear my thought processes change and try to stop them in their tracks. I generally just try to be a little more active, see my friends more, distract myself and completely ignore any thoughts or feelings I might have and just keep myself occupied and distracted. But this time, i don't know what it is, i havent been able to. I've been feeling worse an worse each day for the last month, to the point where I feel almost as bad as i did the first time. Sleeping bad or not sleeping, the constant Anxious sickly feeling. Feeling very Irritable and anoyed at everyone around me. As well as the obvious mental mental self torture and degrading of myself. I can't seem to just ignore it this time. It's here and doesn't want to go. Im finding myself obessessing over what im thinking about. Keep looking up things related to suicide. (I dont believe im suicidal) I just find myself researching everything about it, from methods to videos and documentaries about how it affects families. I don't really have anyone to talk to properly, my parents don't even believe in mental health problems. I have 2 friends one is more a do things with friend and the other i can and sort of tried to talk to but she doesn't quite get it, she relates it to when she feels down and it's really not the same thing. I don't want to nor see the point of seeing my gp, they don't seem to understand, or maybe I'm just paranoid they don't believe me? But all she'll do is prescribe anti - depressants again and i don't want them. I know they won't help me.Just feeling at a bit of a loss of how to bring myself out of this hole this time. Sorry this post ended up being really long, actually probably wasn't nesissary, the point was just to ask what you guys do to stop yourself falling down and how you help yourself get back up when you do? do you have a metaphor for your depression?  chazxxx, 3  I just wondered if anyone can relate to this or if it just sounds a bit wierd. I was trying to explain to my friend what' going on with me at the moment, i landed on a metaphor and it just really fits. My depression is like a gremlin in a box. It messed around with my head for a long while, he made me think I was crazy, changed my thoughts and feelings, no-one could see he was there. Then somehow, i managed to put it in a box. Since then, the past 5 years it's been trying to get out of Iits box, i can feel it lifting the lid and some of his negativity escapes, but I try to close the lid or just ignore him completely. Now for some reason, he either escaped or i listened to his whisperings and entertained him for long enough that he got out. And now Im worried what hes going to do now he's out and i don't know how to get him back in the box. Anyone else have any metaphors for what your depression is like for you? happyness is a lie  chazxxx, 2  Im exhausted from feeling this way. Im fed up. Had enough. I just want to be left alone. Never want to see another person again. Were all just walking around in a world of bullshit. I felt like i experienced something resembling happiness the other day, it lasted about an hour. It feels like happiness is a lie. Ive always been a person who seeks the truth. Perfering to hear a bad truth or a nice lie. And i think thats my problem. I can see things how they actually are. Being happy is just naivety to how things really are. Everyone is unhappy they are just either lying to everyone else or to themseleves.People can say its not true and thats fine, they can just carry on deluding themselves.And yes i do know what people think. Im not psychotic. Im just perceptive. I do what people think and how they feel and what they say about me and others. Its obvious. And people lie. They think one think but say something else. Which is pointless because i know what their thinking so then they just become a lier on top.Ugh. Im just frustrated because i dont think ill be able to be happy ever. Because i know its just a lie.


 saw gp today/ thank you everyone/ there is hope  chazxxx, 2  This post feels a little narcissistic so I do appologise. I went to see my gp today quite reluctantly as I've always felt like a pest they just wanted rid of before, end up having an antidepressant prescription thrown at me and that's it. Been 5/6 times before. And haven't been back for about 4 years. Gave up. Lived like a misserable zombie ever since, believing this is just the way I am. But I felt a depressive episode creeping back in recently and it made me reflect, I've wished I was dead since I was 14. I can't kill myself because I don't want to upset my mum. I realised I was trapped in misery. This can't be normal. This and several members recommendations to see GP made me try one last time. And my god is my new GP amazing. I told her I thought I had dsythmia. She listened. She didn't stare at the computer, she listened and asked questions. She told me she'd recently been through it herself. I didn't feel like I was being a pest that she just wanted to get rid of. Finally felt asthough I was atleast somewhat understood. I've never had that before. Not in the 10 years I've gone in and out of this bullshit. I can't tell you the relief. I cried. I don't even know why! I never cry anymore, I'm rather matter of fact about how I feel about myself and this awful existence. But I cried. Probably just because someone was actually listening instead of telling me I'm lying. After we spoke she said she was going to recommend therapy. I could of kissed her. Seriously. She read my mind. I didn't want more anti - depressants that dull my emotions to make me function. I can function (however reluctant, begrudging and misserably). What I need is to get my head changed. She said she didn't think antidepressants would be the way to go, I explained i don't want any ssri's atleast, I'd maybe try SNRI's or Maoi's or something else that doesn't just dull emotions. She told me it's something we can think about next time and to see her in 2weeks, because the cbt referal may take a little while and she wants to see how I'm doing. I just really felt the need to share this. This right now is the closest thing to happiness i think I'vefelt for like 10 years. I really feel like I could cry and not stop. And this forum is part of the reason why I even went to see her. So I just wanted to say thank you to everyone that ever responded to any of my threads whining on. It was appreciated even if I didn't say at the time. I actually now feel hope 