So What In The Heck Am I Supposed To Do If I Return To The U.s.?   Kabuto , 05 May 2015Hi all, So I've been living abroad as a teacher this year, and my application is submitted to potentially do a second year.   But quite frankly...I really don't want to.   I don't want to do this experience again (and there are a million complicated reasons regarding it, but just take my word for it). So if that's the case, what on Earth am I supposed to do back in the States?   There aren't many jobs....and those that do exist are boring lame office or retail gigs.   So yeah....I really don't know what I can do about this mess. Is It Ethical To Be A Misanthrope? What Does One Do About It?   Kabuto , 20 Apr 2015The human beingin a sense, we are creators of suffering to all we surround.  Of course, animals do feast upon one another for survival, but the human being is the only animal capable of mass suffering through war, slavery, and torture.   (Maybe we are not all like this as individuals, but this is what our species is capable of)   Its really a big pity, Our society is one big hoax, in a sense.   We advertise these false ideals, which are hidden by a grim reality.   Patriotism often leads to war.   University often leads to student loans.   High education can lead to vision problems. Marriage often leads to divorce.   Delicious junk food leads to diabetes.   A promotion leads to workplace depression.   And in the endwere all bug food anyway. If we were still hunter gatherers at least we would lead simple lives without convolution.   The planet would still be clean, animals wouldnt be tortured in mass.   Yeah, we would have to work harder, but we would get sufficient exercise and have more free time on our hands.   Its too late now though.this world is too overpopulated, and at this point it would probably take a cruel apocalypse to go back to those simpler times.    I suppose we can never know if those times would really be better.   But in a senseI believe at least in some ways, we have devolved in modern society.  Though war and corruption have been around for ages before modernity ever took place. In my eyes, humanity is not necessarily evil, simply incredibly ignorant.   Im no religious man, but as Jesus said: Father, forgive them, because they know not what they do.   How can I fit in to this crazy crazy world?  To quote Krishnamurti-   "It is no sign of strength to be well adjusted to an incredibly sick society,"  The Irony Of A Lonely Loner, Can't Find A Suitable Lifestyle :(   Kabuto , 25 Apr 2015I'm trying my best.   In the economic recession, I did all I could to do whatever I could.   The only jobs seemingly available to me were working as a clerk or something.   I already knew I would despise such labor.... So, I packed my bags and left to teach abroad.   It was that or deal with the extraordinarily limited opportunities back home.   I actually like living abroad.   It makes me feel like I'm doing something very valuable and worthwhile with my life- treading new ground that most don't attempt.   This aspect s absolutely wonderful. The problem is the type of work that I actually do.   I'm teaching- which is not the best choice of work for a very strong introvert.   The funny thing is, the teaching is actually enjoyable for me.   But when the day is done, I am 100% tapped out socially.   At most, I can socialize about 2 more times per week.   So this is where I face the problem.   I am working a job that basically sucks out my social energy.   It's really problematic....and quite frankly, scary.   What could a right brained loner like me possibly do for work that will provide happiness?   Left brained loners can go into isolated jobs that pay well like statistics, computer science, chemistry, etc.   But right brained loners?   I've got my art...and I practice a huge amount.   I'm not sure it will be enough, and I don't know what else I could honestly do, sadly... 