No One Listens To Me And I'm Sick Of It   Icarus21 , 15 Apr 2015I'm done being reasonable. My words always fall on death ears. I feel invisible, unheard, disrespected, interrupted, mocked, invalidated, and so on. I'm done trying to sort through this s***. No one listens anyways. I have lost the ability to validate my own feelings, self worth, and opinions because I have always been told I'm wrong, or told how to feel, how not to feel, or that I'm feeling this or that. People can go eat a cactus for all I care. I'm done fluffing myself with polite bulls***. I'm really starting not to give a damn about others. I felt guilty for not having the empathy and the emotions I used to have. Now I don't care. I will let my heart turn to stone. I feel worthless, abused, tossed aside, invalidated, mocked, degraded, manipulated, brainwashed, you name it. Long history of child abuse, bullying, corrupt doctors who continue to force pills down my throat. Speaking of psychiatrists and medication in general, to hell with everyone who pushes me onto meds. I have been on meds for over 15 years now. I honestly feel they do more harm than good and I feel they have created such apathy in me and dealing with corrupt psychiatrist has been soul destroying. No one believes me. I still can get justice for what happened a year ago at a psychiatric mental health center. The situation keeps getting brushed under the rug. I'm disgusted by the whole thing. I don't feel like explaining. I explained it in 2 other of my posts already. Other psychiatrists are arrogant, belittling, narcissistic, and could not give a s*** about my well-being. Being mocked isn't fun. I only had 2 out of the 7 or 8 psychiatrists I had that were decent human beings. The rest are cruel. If I'm doing bad, then it is obviously because I'm not medicated and if I am medicated and bad, then it is the wrong dose or wrong meds. Everyone keeps on forcing the idea of meds on me. I automatically hate with a passion these types of people and do not want to deal with these types of people going forth. I sincerely hope we never cross paths. Family situations is also a joke and no one ever has my back. My golden breadwinner of a sister can do no wrong. My abusive narcissistic sister can also do no wrong. One can say I need to be punched in the face over a calm Easter dinner and I'm the one out of line for saying how I didn't appreciate that. The other can do everything under the sun to me and it's ok. I even do anything to make this special snowflake angry and I'm cast as Satan himself. She can slap me, degrade me, almost get me killed, yell at me, belittle me, whatever and she is off the hook. She ca. also get knocked up and boost her standing in the family. Her accidentally having a child made her invincible. I came home that same summer with great grades from college after having to take a leave of absence. Declared a new major, reconnected with friends, bettered myself and so on, and none of it got recognized. My family can only talk about children. In turn I became so sick about hearing about freaking children. Yes, they are cute but so is freaking Pikachu. Can we actually talk about something else for once besides babies and children. Friends are worthless. They want to hang out with you, bond with you and tell you stories. Sounds great right?? Wrong! They are leeches. Annoying bugs that if I could, would flick off my shoulder. They just yap, yap, yap. They don't shut up ever. It is always me, me, me. Everything is always about them. No one reciprocates that. I'm tired of listening to people vent about everything for hours. I even try and mention an issue I have for a minute and I'm brushed off like I don't matter. Worse yet, bombarded with sappy platitude lines they got from the net. How cute....  But sometimes things get worse. I'm forced to smile and be pleasant. I can never have any issues. I'm not allowed to have valid feelings of being upset or frustrated. People egg me on to be this person I'm not. I'm depressed and having a bad day. I feel dead inside and wish you would leave me the hell alone. Oh, your offended I'm not listening to your commands. How sad. Yes, tell me how horrible of a person I am. Start manipulating me, insulting me, twisting my words, whatever you have to do to sleep at night. If that isn't effective, get a whole bunch of people to gang up on me. I'm used to this. It is expected. Let's attack the defenseless person. Tell them they should be thankful they have such "great" friends. **** you to hell. This is my entire college experience at this hellish campus. I freaking hate looking at these ******* people and their smiling faces. Just an invitation for them to bug me with "be positive" bulls***. I don't trust anyone and people constantly hurt and disappoint me. I would rather everyone just disappear. Wouldn't make a difference anyways. I already feel invisible remember? There is only so much compassion, understanding, patience, reasonable-ness a person can have and I passed mine years ago. Today it snapped and I will stop suppressing the coldness and bitterness in my heart. It has won and any hope I had for me reconnecting with humanity is lost. The only good someone could do is finally put me out of my misery.What Does The Word "people" Mean To Me (Ptsd)   Icarus21 , 27 Apr 2015Dangerous, trap, hostile, draining, toxic, unfamiliar, threatening, unheard, manipulating, alien, disappointment, dishonest, hell, bad memories, nightmare, and etc. What I wish the word "people" meant  to me Community, trusting, reliable, connected, good, happy, bond, rejuvenated, heard, included, family, joy, etc.... Having been through abuse, bullying, manipulation, lies, selfishness, hostility, bs, and hell and back, my views on people are negative. I have tried everything to change my view on people to no success. I still would like my views on others to change to be more positive, but I think the more I try the worse I become. It is like forcing a solid through another solid. The more you push, the more tension that builds. Anyone feel the same way?