Anyone else find themselves experiencing uncontrollable rage? Is this a symptom of my depression?Posted 2 months agoI feel like I am teetering on the brink of total nervous breakdown. It seems like I have been depressed for such a very long time and I have been on virtually every depression medication ever invented and nothing changes.  The last few weeks my stress levels have gone through the roof and my anger is so bad I am punching walls, gritting my teeth, throwing things and screaming at everyone, I feel like I'm going to have a stroke or a heart attack with sheer stress. The trouble is I am so isolated with my problems, I have a teenage daughter and two young boys age 9 and 11 and to say they have behavioural problems is an understatement.  My 9 year old soils himself continuously and is only now after years of my complaining to my gp got a referral to cahms, my 11 year old speaks to me like dirt telling me to drop dead and refusing to do anything I ask to the point of making my life hell.  Before anyone says it is my anger which he is responding to these problems have been ongoing since his father officially disappeared without a trace in october 2012 and I have been left to cope alone, my stress and anger have escalated to monstrous proportions in the last few months as a result of my sons behavioural problems, the desperation of coping with two unruly and hyperactive boys who fight with each other non-stop and battling my own severe depression which includes extreme exhaustion and weakness.  I have absolutely no family to turn to and I am completely unsupported.  The only medication which helped with my rages was diazepam but my gp won't prescribe it anymore and to be honest it wasn't really helping much as my body had gotten used to it. I am so tired of asking for help and receiving nothing in return, does anyone else exerience this?  My gp has known about my struggle alone with the children battling my illness for years and just keeps shovelling the pills which do absolutely nothing to help the situation. I don't know how much longer I can keep surviving on sheer willpower, my life is just a constant battle to cope with mountains of housework and chores, schoolwork (both my boys are behind at school and my 11 year old has dyslexia and dyspraxia and my daughter is months behind  in her college work but has no interest in catching up) mounting bills and worries that are threatening to consume me completely. I can't talk to anyone without snapping their head off and I can't attempt to catch up with the chores without losing it and throwing stuff everywhere.  Where am I supposed to get help? I am literally drowning here and taking the kids with meSo now my mother has committed suicide, I can't take anymore I have suffered with bouts of severe depression for so long now and I have always feared it is genetic as my mother has also always suffered with no relief or cure just shovelled the pile of pills her whole life. Well those pillshave served her well as they provided her with the means to end it all 4days ago when she took them all and ended her life. The last 10 yearsof my life have been hell, my baby boy died unexpectedly , my partnerdisappeared without a trace and I dont know if he is alive or dead and now my mother has took her own life. She started the process on sat nightand she was found barely alive but too late on tues covered in her ownvomit, it had taken 3 days for her to die - alone. I am so racked with guiltand pain I am tortured. I am scared I will go the same way as I amtormented with the same demons as the ones which killed her.She was found with a suicide note and a pile of cash by her bodyto pay for her own funeral, how sad and pathetic is that? She sent me aletter through the post and because we had fell out I sent it back to herunopened out of petty spite, now I know what she was planning andI am haunted by that letter, what did she say? Hindsight is an ugly thing.Depression is a KILLER, it has murdered my mum and is slowly murderingMe funeral