 Lost and Alone  Gadgetman, 2  Hi Everyone,This is my first post so be gentle ?I’d really like some advice and guidance on what to do now.If I give you a little bit of background first, I’m a 37 year old gay man, I’m a very shy person and it’s something I’ve struggled with my whole life. In my twenties I had quite a few friends and then I met a guy and we were together for 8 years and during this time I moved house a few times, was made redundant 3 times in two years and lost contact with all but one friend (who I don’t ever see because they live far away) and as time went by fell out of love with my partner. Three years ago we broke up, which was my decision because I wanted to feel in love. I moved closer to work (which was about 45min drive away) I thought this would be my great new adventure, however I didn’t really make any new friends and spent a year alone crying a lot!After that i moved back to my home town to a cheap studio flat but that was a nightmare because it was noisy all the time and i spent 6 months sleeping with earplugs in! I then reluctantly move back in with my mother which is where i am now. My plan was to pay off my credit cards but that hasn’t happen! I did start a new job closer to home however it’s been a very unpleasant working environment and i haven’t been able to find anything else yet.In the last three years i haven’t really made any new friends and i’ve dated loads of guys with no success in finding a new relationship which brings me to the point of all this.Two months ago I meant someone who I thought was amazing, we spend nearly every day together, messaged each other all day, had very deep conversations and talked about all the things we could do together in the future. I know it all went so fast but we agreed that we were happy the way it was going, I met his friends, he met my family, it was like my fairy tale happy ever after. A week ago he wasn’t messaging me so much and although I struggled a little with the lack of attention, I knew he had a very demanding job, however yesterday he asked if we could chat, we met at a local park and he dumped me. He told me he couldn’t commit to ‘US’ because of his work and that he didn’t really know me, he said he obviously didn’t love me because otherwise he wouldn’t be able to walk away and that he’d mentally switched off from ‘US’ I then completely broke down and sat on a park bench crying my eyes out. He said he wasn’t expecting that reaction but that it made him even more sure that it was the right decision. So there we are, I spent the rest of the day crying and today I’ve spent the day eating chocolate and trying to work out how on earth I’m going to stop this empty feeling inside, i have no idea how I’m going to go to work tomorrow to a job I hate and not end up in tears every 5 minutes.Sorry it’s a long post but i didn’t think it would make any sense without the full picture, I’d really appreciate your thoughts, ideas, and experiences. I just feel so alone! I also apologise for my spelling and punctuation – its not my strong pointThank you very much if you managed to read it all.