A very negative postI have been thinking this for a while. I know hopelessness and worthlessness are feelings a lot of people with depression have.But what if you really are actually failing at life not because of depression or bipolar but just because you're a loser?I am broke. I have 3 kids, some weeks I worry how I will do groceries. My husband works full time and I run my own business which is completely failing and I make hardly any money. Our bills and debt are piling up and it feels so irresponsible and insecure. It is constant stress. FAIL.I am so unhealthy. I have diabetes and I don't act like I do. I eat crap and don't exercise. I take my medication most of the time but I need to take more in the morning. I never do, just never remember. FAIL. I'm fat and unfit and have no motivation to do anything about it (no really, I'm fat. I am 100+kg).ÊMy marriage is ridiculous. I HATE intimacy of any form, my husband asks for sex nearly daily and it feels like he only asks me so I feel as bad as him when I reject him. I want to be left alone. I want him to leave me alone. I am pretty sure we are headed for separation but no one wants to be the one to decide. FAIL.I have no close friends. I have no one to confide in. FAIL.Two of my kids are in therapy. Fail...I have had multiple therapists and marriage therapists and the last one we saw pretty much kicked us out. I am currently not seeing a therapist, I feel completely unable to be helped at this stage. My self loathing is too deep, no one has ever been able to tap in deep enough nor earned my trust enough to even scrape the surface. I feel completely defective in so many areas. Unreachable.I function. I work. I cook. I parent. I get up in the morning, I barely get the kids to school on time but they get there. I am HAPPY and CHEERFUL and if you knew me you would think I was just fine with no problems at all.ÊI am always thinking wow, this is really it. This is my life. The only person that can change it is me and I just can never seem to do so. Its all just too much.