Not Sure Where To Go From Here. I'm Just Not Coping.Ê  Huge ,Ê23 Apr 2015I'm a 41 year old male atheist and skeptic, I live in London U.K. and I'm just not sure where to go from here.ÊI've spent a few days suicidally depressed.ÊAll I have in my life that brings me any kind of hope or comfort is an obsession with someone I once fell deeply in love with and I just can't seem to think about anything else.ÊIt feels like I've finally been consumed by these feelings and these obsessions and that everything else has fallen away as a result.ÊThe fantasy and the feelings it generates in me seem to be the only thing I'm living for. Ultimately, this person (the object of my feelings) is the only thing I'm living for.ÊThe last week I've been in a very deep and suicidal depression again...Ê...I'd been trying to concentrate on the object of my obsession to keep my mind off of suicide but I'd lost so much hope that even that wasn't working.ÊIt felt as it always does at those times that I'd never be able to feel any other way again and I couldn't get my mind off of severely negative thoughts about life and myself and thoughts of suicide.ÊRight now, short of the object of my obsession miraculously showing up on my doorstep, I just feel like I want to be checked into a hospital and sedated until it's time for me to depart this earth.ÊÊÊSo I'm not sure what to do...I live with my mother who's my carer and I could quite easily fall into bed and be taken care of for as long as that situation can last but I feel like it might really help me to talk about this with a trained professional, especially since I'm pretty sure the object of my obsession is aware of me and that it's probably not doing her much good.ÊÊAlso, I've got another interview coming up, with the agency that manages my subsistence income, and I barely want to leave my room. Part of me hopes they just call an ambulance to take me to a psychiatric ward but there's so much mess in my room and stuff I wish I'd disposed of, like poetry notes and such that I'm just even more confused about what to do. I need to clean this place up but my energy levels have been extremely low and I've just been sleeping all the time.ÊI'm exhausted and barely able to deal with this stuff. I'm probably going to get some sleep and check in later. I'm not sure I can face this now.ÊEdit:ÊI will come back, so please do respond if you feel you have some helpful information.Ê