He left...How to start... well this might be a little long.. sorry! ^_^Back Story.. I met my bf? Well.. ex? Anyways i met him through a guy that was obsessed with me, literally obsessed!! We talked every day, each day more and more, we date and we fall in love.. he is the person iv waited for, with the same qualities and i was his, it wasnt long enough that we talked about getting married this year! Then... i got pregnant... for me it was the end of the world.. but i was so in love that it was gonna be great! I have an older daughter and so as he, it started that he got so scared (he has some anxiety issues) so he got scared, i guess he didnt wanted more kids, so he started to focus more on his job, then all of his problems were suddenly my fault.Also.. the obssesed guy's friend called my ex and told him a lot of horrible things about me and my past.. and even told him that my baby wasnt his caz i was cheating and a whole lot of stupid irrational stuff.. the thing is that he defended me because he knew about everything of my past and what was true and what wasnt. But his family found out and pretty much hated me and told a lot of things to him, so he just slowly started to leave.. then he one day just stops talking to me, i got so emotional in my pregnancy, and with this is was pretty much horrible, so i kept calling and calling, and well he got mad caz he wanted space but didnt tell me! He never told me and he didnt asked how scared was i?! I guess he never thought of it or something. At the end of my pregnancy his family came to me.. not saying sorry but all nice and welcome and i accepted it.. but he still wouldnt talk to me, i tried and tried and still nothing..He didnt go to the hospital.. which is something idk how can i forgive! I still think he subconsciously thought that it wasnt his. He hasnt seen her much, there were 2 weeks were he started talking to me and i finally felt that everything was getting clearer and saw a light, we kissed and talked a lot, but then the next few days he would ignore me, and i get desperate, he hasnt helped me financially at all.I didnt wanted to put him in child support, i wanted to make an agreement with him, because i think if i put him there, there will never be a chance for us to try and be with each other.. I have tried to make that agreement but.. it just hasnt worked.. at first was that when i saw him i couldnt talk, i saw him and literally i was in mute. Then well idk i was just scared and didnt know the right words.. so i just dont know what to do with that situation..I wish we could go to therapy, we had a great relationship, and it cant end for something stupid, we deserve to give a chance to our baby... but i just get anxious and desperate when hes not responsable.. he hasnt helped me at all! So idk what and how can i make him go or do something..With my daughter, i ended the relationship, he didnt love me and i didnt love him so we ended in great terms, then i found out 2 weeks later i was pregnant and i was destroyed.. but we talked and we decided to have a chance for her, so we did! I just wanted to tell her that we tried to be together when she got older..ÊMy parents divorced when i was little and that traumatized me a lot since i was a daddys girl, so i just want a family and thats why we tried it, it didnt work, but at least we tried it..ÊI wish that me and my ex? Could try to do something, i can see the way he looks at me, it hasnt changed, i just dont know how to make him talk and tell me what is going through his head..This week im gonna have a day off so i can go to child support.. but idk what to do, i dont want to do anything sith anger, and i dont want to be a problem to him, i never wanted to bting him any problems caz he has a lot in his shoulders... im probably gonna go to his house first, yell at him and get everything out, try to make him yell and get everything out of his chest and get an agreement.. also i want to talk to his mom, she gives good advice and i just need a lot of it! If not then i guess i dont have much choice..Ê