Advice... Please? Hey guys. Some part of me has realized that maybe my boyfriend and I can't work out. I don't want to break up though. I just can't get happy no matter what I do. Everything feels like a huge strain. I just feel so shattered. I promised myself I'd work hard but now even just getting some supper seems too hard to do. It's like I'd rather starve than move at all. All I want to do is just be with my boyfriend and cuddle with him because, I feel more secure. I've been through far too much with him and he means too much to me to call it quits. Hell, I typically never pray to god but here I am, friggin begging for help. My raw emotions for him are the only thing keeping me to him because, god dammit, I don't want him to be my ex or my first boyfriend. I want him to remain with me for life but.... I can't seem to make myself happy again. I'm just so burnt out on everything. I don't know what the hell I'm going to do. I don't even know if I can get my grades back up in school. I usually don't believe in suicide but this is the first time I've toyed with it in my head and not actually shove it out immediately like normal. I feel so empty inside. You know, when I came into this relationship, I had no idea that a relationship could be hard. I had no idea what a struggle it could potentially be. I've never been on such an emotional roller coaster before. I had this picture perfect fairy tale idea that we'd fall in love and live happilly ever after. I thought you could do everything together and nothing would ever get old. I never knew that you could actually get tired or even get annoyed with the one you love. That realization had me in the dumps for awhile. However, his good qualities outweigh the bad and he takes very good care of me and does his best to comfort me in the worst times. He's always been there for me. I can't let him go but I just feel so hopeless. It doesn't help that my family blames him for my unhappiness. I think my anxiety and depression really kicked up when I went into this relationship with him. To think... we started out so simple and innocent.