  I want to punish myself.  Ghoul, 1 Week AgoWhen I was 14-16 I was going through severe depression and I was in denial about it, so I didn't try to get any sort of help until much later (I'm 19 now). In these 2 years I made many mistakes and betrayed many people (I was also betrayed a lot by people I trusted). I didn't physically hurt anyone but I lied to many people, on the internet I would make fake accounts and pretend to be my friends/boyfriend because I wanted to be accepted. I had 2 friends at school, one I didn't connect much with and another that would only actually listen to me if I was talking about boys. I was playing an online 'second life' style game at the time and she ended up playing it too, she said she wanted to date my "boyfriend"'s "brother", because they were my fake accounts I said no but she kept pushing it and I gave in. At some point "he" broke up with her. I told her my "boyfriend" was a fake but I never told her about the rest. She was honestly a bad friend and often a bad person but I can't forgive myself for all the lies. I know it's common for insecure teenagers with issues to do things like this but I can't forgive myself. I lied about other things (that I won't mention here too) too. I have harmed myself before because I couldn't handle my depression and because the guilt was eating me alive, and now I want to do it again. I want to harm myself in order to punish myself. I feel like a horrible person, I wasn't myself back then but I still feel like I'm awful. How can I stop this?(I stopped being friends with that girl a long time ago, I can't even tell her the truth. I don't think I would have the guts to do so anyway.) I can't move on.  Ghoul, 3  I started having symptoms of depression when I was 13 and it fully hit me when I was 14, but I was in denial about it. I thought of it as something that happens to others but couldn't happen to me. I was bullied at school and had a very complicated family situation since childhood (which led to my parents getting a divorce when I was 15, but I saw it coming since I was 6 so I wasn't shocked), for 2 years (age 14-16) I felt like I was living in hell, I couldn't find peace at home or at school, I made bad friendships and lots of mistakes which led to me being betrayed and betraying people, I imagined being killed. I lost interest in all the things I love and got sick a lot cause I didn't take care of myself, I was always very pale and sick looking cause I didn't sleep enough. When I was 17 I finally asked to change school (I was skipping school a lot cause I didn't want to go back to that hell, my mother noticed it) and since then things got better. I had to quit school which means I'm going to graduate a year later than I should but I thought it would be worth it, and it was. My grades went from incredibly low to slightly above average and it made me happy, but I still felt broken inside. When I was 18 I started self harming for a short while but told my mother and my best friend and they helped me stop. I'm 19 now and looking back at my life I can't get over how I spent the years that should be the best of my life. My childhood was bearable but puberty was awful in every way, I can't help but feel like I wasted part of my life that I will never get back. I know I didn't have a choice but I can't let it go. I will graduate this year and move to a country that always felt like home (it's the country my mother is from), I don't want to feel this way when I start my new life. How do I move on?(I'm sorry if I made any typos/my english is bad. Also sorry this ended up being a huge wall of text!)