Repressed thoughts/feelings?Hi all,The issue I've been facing, is, I believe repressed emotions/thoughts. ÊIt has been building up since 2012 when I went off medication and had extreme anxiety (social)/depressive symptoms return. ÊAt that stage I didn't do any therapy, instead got on with working/socialising. ÊI acted my way through social situations and got to a point where I was comfortable enough. ÊIn the past where I had used mindfulness, this time I got myself through and was coping okay. ÊIt wasn't until 2013 when I bgan experiencing anger (which I kept inside) toward my Mum. ÊThinking it would fix the problem, I moved out and lived in a sharehouse. ÊI then began feeling annoyed at my co-worker and left that job. ÊAfter a few more jobs I realised something wasn't right mentally. ÊI didn't really realise at the time I was unhappy and having stronger symptoms of anxiety/depression. ÊI left my then current job and in 2014 went down to Rockhampton to stay with my relatives, in hope I could move forward. ÊI ended up in a mental health clinic for 5 months and tried on numerous medications. ÊI was wanting to try mindfulness, because that is what worked in past, but something in my head is preventing it from working. ÊI've come home and had many "breakdowns" because I have this feeling in my head. ÊThe closest I have read about is a guy who had lots of emotional stuff happen to him, and instead of feeling his emotions, his head took control and he was lead by his head/thoughts. ÊIt's almost like I have a numb feeling in my head and I can't just be in my body (feel). ÊI've been operating like this for a few years now. ÊI've been told I need to "love" myself and I've also been told I'm a "thinker". ÊMy current psychologist has tried to get me to be in the present, it doesn't feel possible.I'd really like to have that headspace I had when I first did mindfulness. ÊI don't know whats happened in my brain. ÊMy life just feels bland and I don't experience any true joy or happiness. ÊIt doesn't quite feel like depression although I do feel down about the situation..Can anyone else relate or understands emotional/thought repression. ÊThis is what feels has happened.Thankyou,Lauren :)