I think this could be depression..? Hello,I hope you don't mind but I'm going to summarise my life experiences. It's a bit jumbled.-At a young age I was sexually abused (one occasion severely, a couple of other occasions less so)-At 19 my best friend died-At school I was a loner and outsider-For the last 7 years I have moved city/country every 1-2 years for my career-I currently live (approaching 3 years) in a non-English speaking country and feel very alienated-I left my most recent job as I couldn't cope there anymore and am struggling with unemployment-I have no job, friends, hobbies, family or money-I signed up to two degree level distance courses and I feel like I'm drowning in work, but I can't pause or postpone either course. I'm overwhelmed and can't make any progress-My relationship with my non-English partner seems to be falling apart-I'm not sure I know how to have fun anymore, and find little pleasure or amusement from life-I have been offered two possible new job options in different countries but they will mean moving again, and leaving my partner. These offers have added hugely to my stress levelsI exercise regularly and eat well. I have good qualifications.ÊUnfortunately I also have regular heartburn and heart palpitations. I wake up often thinking how much easier it would be for the people in my life if I didn't exist. I'm not suicidal, I just imagine things being easier without me. I'm tired constantly (or low on energy) but it takes me quite some time to sleep.ÊI attended councilling some years ago which unfortunately did not help. I have never been offered medication, here in the UK or abroad. I wonder if my issues aren't severe enough, or if I'm just not communicating things to the doctor very well.I think my life abroad could be better but I lack the guts (or enthusiasm?) to go out and meet new people and really push myself. I guess it intimidates me; with so little self-worth I do wonder what people would get out of a friendship with me. Still, I envy people with friends and I'd love to be close to someone.My boyfriend is holding me at arms length, and has been for some time, while he struggles with our situation. With no support structure myself, I'm doing my best to put on a positive front but it's not enough and he's asked for some time apart.Living abroad, the language barrier is a huge problem and despite my attempts to learn, I'm just not making enough progress.So.Does anyone have any ideas what on earth I can do? Is this depression? I'd like to run away (childish, I know!) but I lack the conviction and I love my partner too much.Help...