25 And Never Had A GirlfriendÊ  nexus321 ,ÊToday, 06:43 PMI just never understood it. Why does everyone but me get into relationships? I think I'm at least cute but no woman gives me the time of the day. I've spent years trying to get a girlfriend, even got a dating coach. But that didn't help me. I just lost 3000 bucks for nothing. I just don't know what to do... all my life I've felt like I don't belong and even as an adult I still feel this way. Nothing has changed. People say be confident. Well trust me when I am confident it doesn't matter. I've never kissed a girl in my life. I've tried 2 times to kiss a girl. First time she pulled back and said sorry. The other actually started crying and said she wasn't over her ex. I think she was trying to "spare" my feelings. She used to flirt with me constantly on facebook and I don't know what I thought... Why would any girl like me? After a life time of being invisible that's how i feel, invisible. And don't say be happy and positive and someone will like you or better yet, be confident. I have been those things and women still reject me.ÊI log onto facebook and see the people I went to high school with. Everyone is with someone. Everyone! Even the wierdest geek from middle school is dating someone. What is so wrong with me that I turn off 100% of women everywhere??? The only reason I don't kill myself is my parents and what they'll think. I didn't ask to be born I didn't ask to go through life alone.People in this world are just cruel, nobody cares about anyone. I'm crying as I'm typing this. I'm never going to fit in, I'm never going to belong.ÊI'm pretty good at cooking but whenever I mention that women look at me like I just said I'm gay or something.I'm pretty good at drawing but that doesn't matter.I speak 4 languages, still doesn't impress them.I read books.I love movies and rock music.Oh and I read comics not to mention play video games. What else am I going to do with my spare time?ÊNone of this makes a difference to women. I'm 25 and never had sex, never known what it feels like to kiss someone. The worst is when I go downtown and see couple holding hands, that kills me inside.Sigh.