Have I or haven't I?Hi everyone,I'm looking for some clarification or explanation for my behaviour/feelings. I'm not sure whether I would be classified depressed and/or anxious. I am a uni student in my last year of study currently on placement. (Perhaps ironically) My degree is in welfare and I am really interested in exploring mental health and disability avenues for employment. My mother had depression when I was around 10 and recovered, although not without the help of antidepressants which she used for several years.My situation involves me being very stressed because of a lack of time, motivation and energy. Placement is very fast-paced, and very challenging. I am doing a job that IÊcan sometimes feel overwhelmed by for a number of reasons. 1, the work is challenging and I am still learning. 2, all the things I do have fast deadlines, which can be stressful, especially because those deadlines are my supervisor's deadlines, not mine. That gives me a feeling of guilt when I am not working as fast as I need to be. 3, the job requires me to wake up early (5:15am, 2 days a week) and coupled with my paid job (bartending day and night shifts, 3-4 times per week) I can be very tired. This combination of factors can lead me to be anxious some mornings, with one instance leading me to call in sick one day to placement.I have also got feelings of being flat, miserable, irritable, sad, exhaustion and episodes of crying without any provocation. I have had instances where I would tear up randomly and I would have to fight off a fit of crying. I have had instances where I've just thought everything is just too hard.ÊPlease let me stress that I don't mean this in regard to life itself. I do not have suicidal thoughts or thoughts of harming myself or others.ÊI have called in sick to my paid work more than once because I just couldn't see myself turning up to work and forcing myself to smile for the patrons and other staff.ÊI have told my partner about these feelings as we live together and I know it's not healthy to try to keep feelings like this to myself. However, I don't think he completely understands the gravity of what I'm saying, or maybe he doesn't know what to do. The bottom line is I haven't seen a professional yet as I'm not sure if I would be classed as anxious and/or depressed and I'm not too keen to speak to a stranger about something so personal. Also, I don't want to speak to my family as I don't want them to worry (yet), especially given the family history.