 Wondering - triggersStarted by mitz?, 16-04-15 10:26 PM I was wondering if having a mood thread for myself would be useful, after reading other people' experiences on here? Its not something I've ever done before in private and definitely not in public..., and it scares me a bit. I think its partly because when I've felt 'well' (can't remember what that is now) I don't identify myself with someone who has anxiety/depression so much; if that makes sense, and I wonder if that's a way of 'rejecting' myself and dealing with stigma of it all. I think and this may sound awful, that I also have a negative view of mental health, even though I have mental health issues myself. Perhaps that's how I think other people view me when I'm unwell, and I don't want to 'be' that person. I get embarassed/ashamed about having depression/anxiety. Its such a minefield it seems; as I don't want to label myself either by accepting it(?); I don't like labels!! Has anyone got any views about this? At the same time I just think sometimes I'm being human and responding to the world which can be such an awful place (I know its not all like that); modern life is so difficult, and human beings are capable of doing such awful things to eachother, to other animals to the planet etc. . My days at the moment are filled with anxiety pretty much constantly, or trying to avoid it, by sleeping or trying to distracting myself with reading stuff on internet, watching rubbish TV mainly; and I know from past experience when things are this bad, I just cannot do the things that I know I need to do help myself when I'm feeling a bit better - for maintenance I guess (just general self care stuff). I can't talk to people normally, as I just feel the need to talk about how bad I feel, or cry and its not nice for other people. Sometimes I just try and sit/lay still in one position just to try and stop the anxiety feeling inside just for a few minutes, but then I might just fall asleep and wake up in a panic. I go from a simmering background anxiety to high, high, high anxiety, to low, low mood, and I'm feeling like I'm just trying to suppress it all the time, as I feel like I might go out of control if I don't. I don't know what I would do though!? What I feel like I might do is run around the streets screaming, or grab hold of someone to ask them to help me, just please help me take all pain this away. Then I would be classed as 'mad', so I wouldnt' do that! Life is so, so hard for some of us. Sometimes I think it would be a relief to be naturally at deaths door (this is not a suicide threat or anything, I've never done that before, and don't think I ever would or could).life tips?!Started by mitz?, 07-04-15 08:58 PMbelow is a comment from someone called Timjag who was responding to a young persons; 'dilemma' (generally struggling with life) in Mariella Frostrups' Guardian newspaper column - not sure i agree with everything and i still get majorly stuck with life, and I'm loads older, but found it quite refreshing somehow. 1. Screw the credit rating - it means nothing - in 6 years it'll all be forgotten about provided you don't make it worse2. Self obsession and depression are two characteristics that everybody suffers from. They're just better at hiding it.3. Are you drinking/drugging heavily - they both lead to this type of obsessing and they prevent you from being able to see the world clearly4. Nothing in this world means anything. Nothing. - humans need narrative to survive in a world that makes absolutly no sense. We each create our own narrative which has little to do with facts but enables us to believe that we have a point. It's a complete fiction - people that have had a rough ride start creating broken narratives which say that we are no good - we are in a downwards spiral etc. the longer we write this broken narrative the more we believe it. It is a fiction - just like positive narrative. Keep away from newspapers and TV for a while - they trade on fake moral judgements and the human need for titilation, this type of adrenaline is addictive and it will corrupt your personal narrative, if you believe the moralistic boondoggles provided by the news industry.5. Lighten up. Here's a good one - every night when you go to bed make a gratitude list 10 things that you think you are lucky to have - everything from the love of a best friend to favourite body parts . Be thankful that nature has blessed to with some luck - write it just before you sleep, in the morning read it before you do anything else - you will be supposed how quickly your life view changes.6. Remember that the future doesn't exist neither does the past - there is only now. You are so young you really have very little to change in the scheme of things and you'll drop these feelings as soon as you find better ones.7. Don't take advice from Mariella frostrup - like all TV people she is not to be trusted - she's using your worries to further he own agenda - for all you know she may secretly be in the same position as you - no one understands your life like you do and you already have the tools to fix any faults you think you have.8.there is no such thing as happily ever after, and there is no such thing as the right partner. It's all luck and then a lot of hard work - anyone who can stay with someone long term is someone who is doing a lot of hard work.8. Whittle out destructive people in your life - they are not your friends, and they seek to drain you of power, you shouldn't need to trust anyone other than yourself - it is unfair to put these responsibilities on other people - they may not be able to give you what you need and then you'll start resenting them and it will damage your friendship.9. You may not be able to live in this consumerist world we now live in very easily, being good with money isn't everyone's forte - it's a skill and a talent and you may not have developed yours very well. I bet there are a few thing you can do that financially responsible people couldn't touch in a dream. We are all different, but your negative thought is more likely to put you in a difficult situation than anything else.10. Finally - you are already perfect - everyone of us is unique and equally as important/unimportant as another. If you believe others are better than you then you have fallen for their narrative rather than nurturing your own. Don't be fooled some people set out to make you believe their narrative over your own because it feeds their need to be at the centre of the troop they can then use it to advance their own life - but it comes from the same broken narrative as yours. It's nice to have others think you are the  but you don't need it.That'll do for now! Remember, you are judging yourself by other people's standards - screw them and find your own narrative that puts you squarely at the centre as the great and beautiful person you really are.