Êhealth issuesI started a new and exciting job yesterday. I am in hopes that I will do well on this job. I am also a little bit afraid. My new job involves driving. I have to be physically fit to drive. I passed my DOT physical by the skin of my teeth. My blood pressure is too high. My regular doctor also wants me to see a cardiologist because I had been having chest pain. My regular doctor also gave me an extra blood pressure medicine. I made the cardiologist appt. today. I will have to dig into reserve savings to pay for this. My new employer also wants me to see my regular doc in 30 days. The new employer does not know I am going to see a cardiologist.My fear is that if I cannot get my health in order I may not be able to keep my new job. I have had to work under such hard conditions in my last job. I would hate to think that it ruined my health. I can't go the route of disability. I am too young.Just wanted to sound off. Thanks for listening if anybody reads this.What a day!What a day it was indeed! I went to work this morning and was called into the manager's office. I was scolded and fussed at by her and the head doctor. Then I was "written up." I was not the only one. Another member of the nursing staff was written up. Basically we are "in trouble" because we cannot keep up with the ridiculous and growing workload. In the meeting I reminded myself to keep it together because I knew I had a job interview in the afternoon.My job interview went so well, even though it was 2 hours long. I am happy to report that I am getting a new job and will turn in my resignation for my current job tomorrow. I am happy, excited, thrilled and yet nervous all at the same time. I will have a six week training period and I will have a lot to learn. It will be like going back to school. I also have to learn to drive a big trolley. I am hoping that the new job works out good. It looks like it will be a good job.moving ahead, but very nervousOn the one hand I will be starting a new job in two weeks. I am excited and happy about that. On the other hand I am nervous. Maybe two years of trauma from my present job has beaten me down. I still have so many self doubts. Yet I passed the interview.I have to take several tests. The first is a written test for my CDL. (Commercial Drivers License). I also have to pass a DOT physical. My blood pressure has to be good for the physical in order to pass. I am also concerned about the physical because I have been on wellbutrin for depression, and amitriptyline for migraine headache prevention. Not to mention maxalt and/or fioricet to treat an active migraine. I am worried that those meds might keep me from passing a DOT physical. I will not lie and decline to list these meds. For one thing they do a drug test. I don't take any medicine other than what my GP prescribed. Of course I do not drive if I have to take the maxalt or fioricet. Another thing, I have not had any migraines since I applied for this new job.What if I can't pass the physical or the driver tests. I think I can pass most of the written tests.I don't want any more disappointments. It is time for life to change and improve. I have already given two weeks notice to the office of doom. I really don't want to have myself where I have no job. But I also have to take a chance to change my circumstances.Just a bit nervous. I keep reciting Philippians 4:13 "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me."ÊchangesI haven't been here much lately. I start a new job next week and I am so looking forward to the new job.ÊI have so many mixed emotions going all over the place. On a certain level I will be so glad to be out of the toxic office I have been working in for four and a half years. On the other hand I know how to do my job here, despite the negativity. There is a lot of new stuff I have to learn for my new job. I will miss friends and patients I know at the old job. But I so want to be successful at my new job. I remember having those same feelings when I left the job I had at a dry cleaner's to work at my present job. Then later I wished I had never left the dry cleaner's. I took a job doing something that I think I would love because it involves history. And I love history.I will be driving a large vehicle so I have to get my health in better order. I barely passed my DOT physical because my blood pressure was too high. I have also been having chest pains which increase in severity when my blood pressure goes up. I have an appointment at the doctor's office tomorrow. The Junior manager at our office is angry with me for going to the doctor and I think she is angry with me for leaving.I know I will leave a short-handed office even more short-handed. However, I could not let a good job opportunity pass. It has been a somewhat stressful week trying to tie up loose ends on my old job while studying material for the new job. I will be glad when all the transition is over.