ÊLosing the will to keep fighting Êaoi89,Ê31-03-15First of all, if I don't reply directly to your replies on here, that doesn't mean I haven't read and appreciated it. Everything is appreciated and I don't do ignoring. Just so you know.ÊBut anyway, I'm in my late 20s and I've had clinical depression for twelve years, as well as generalised anxiety disorder, but it's not as bad as it was. After a fairly tumultuous five years involving migraines, gallstones, mystery episodes of dizziness and vomiting, a major operation that left me incapacitated for months and several other hospital admissions, I've finally managed to settle down in a decent job, which doesn't pay that well but is quite interesting and lets me sit at a chair most of the time (I've got flat feet and standing up for long periods of time can be sore). I'm lucky enough to be seeing a psychologist, who I've been seeing for about 5 months, but my approved sessions will be expiring shortly. I'm also lucky to have a partner who supports me and is generally lovely, and I don't know what I'd do without him.But... I've been off work for various ailments on around 5 (short) occasions during the last 6 months, and I feel like I can't keep up. I've got another condition that saps my energy, as well as a digestive condition, migraines, depression and the weird undiagnosed dizziness / fuzziness. I thought I was overcoming depression for the umpteenth time recently, but even more recently I've been slipping back into it again and I'm fed up. I'm on leave today (not illness-related) and I've got a hospital appointment later today, and I'm dreading leaving the house. The weather's horrible out, but that's not why. I don't want to see anyone. I barely want to move. I'm back at work tomorrow, and the thought is making me sick. It's not that the job's bad; it's inside my head that's the problem. The company has a really rigid and immovable stance on illness, which I realise is quite normal, but I wish it wasn't so. I'd like to reduce the amount I work, but I can't without risking my job, and without making my colleagues annoyed at me. They're good people but I feel they don't understand.What's more, the voices in my head keep swearing at me and insulting me, and I want to drink to keep them quiet. But I know drinking's not helping my depression. I've tried techniques that my psychologist has suggested, and it's like the bad feelings and voices keep breaking through my invisible barriers... but if I tell the psychologist, I'm scared she'll think I'm not making an effort. I am making an effort, but... I'm fed up of this stupid Sisyphean ritual of fighting against a depression that doesn't want to budge.To summarise: I feel pathetic and I hate it. I just want it to stop.