depressed and worried, not telling my family or friends! Hi folksI've been depressed before and on anti depressants. This episode started in February after trying to come off the ADs. The anxiety has calmed down mostly and friends and family have rallied round and helped.I have had something to focus on though, my husband's 60th birthday and a visit from my daughter and her boyfriend.It's all passed now and I feel so down. Nothing to focus on just going back to work Monday after being off for a month sick. I feel I have nothing in my life. Nothing to motivate me to do anything. My husband is happy at home pottering about and I have been in the past but not now.I just need to tell someone and I feel on here everyone knows what it's like to feel alone and worried about upsetting friends and family by telling them you hate your life.My kids are grown up so don't need me. I feel like a burden to everyone. The thought of going back to work is killing me, I know I can do my work deep down but I just want someone to come in, take my hand and say, let's go. They would look after me! Stupid eh!!I'm going out with my friends today but I know I will say I'm fine,getting there, the usual crap!Please tell me it will get better. Please say you understand. I'm so desperate to say all this but scared everyone will think I'm totally mad or being selfish as everyone has problems and difficult times, I know that but this turmoil in my head is destroying me.It just all seems so empty and hopeless.ÊFeeling unsettled Iv been depressed and anxious for a few months now, I'm on sertraline and HRT. The anxiety has settled now after about 10 weeks on AD. Still feeling low though I'm not sure if it could be the HRT. Iv only been on that month.Just today I feel unsettled, unhappy feeling. I was at a counsellor yesterday and talked about everything that worries me, a few things iv not really said before about bring unhappy with my marriage.I'm hoping these feelings will pass once I start to feel more likely old self but it's worrying me that I might not go back to feeling like that.I'm just tired of thinking about how I feel!!