Low serotonin is mythical cause of depression, says psychiatry professor Êfiremonkee57,Ê2  The idea that depression is caused by low levels of serotonin and that certain antidepressants raise the levels of this neurotransmitter, is a myth, according to a professor of psychiatry writing an editorial article in The BMJ.ÊProf. David Healy - author of the 2004 book Let Them Eat Prozac: The Unhealthy Relationship Between the Pharmaceutical Industry and Depression - argues in the journal's latest issue that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) have never shown any correlation between a potency of serotonin effect and treatment of depression.Prof. Healy writes that, in the 1990s: "No one knew if SSRIs raised or lowered serotonin levels; they still don't know. There was no evidence that treatment corrected anything."ÊThe depression question Êfiremonkee57,Ê3  I 'm on the fence over the "Am I depressed question? " . I don't feel extremely sad or tearful,still have interest in the few things that really interest me, but on the other hand feel worthless quite a lot of the time-empty- and fairly hopeless/negative about the future.Can't say I am particularly fatigued but don't have much drive/motivation. Concentration is ok ,not brilliant, for things that interest me and the indecisiveness I put down to anxiety.Online tests usually point in order of frequency to mild(minor) depression or moderate depression.It can be hard to separate negative like symptoms from depressive symptoms.A while ago I was on Zoloft until my Gp wanted me to go for a meds check before renewing my prescription and I never went.Apart from a brief spell when first receiving psychiatric treatment I have never been on a stand alone AD.I know that when I needed to go back on meds after the pdoc sanctioned break he said he was reluctant to prescribe a stand alone AD because of the possible effect on my moods. This was after they switched me from schizoaffective mixed type to personality disorder NOS . I got put on olanzapine instead. I think there's some debate as to whether the atypicals have antidepressant properties.At one point I was going out almost everyday and regularly singing out loud to my Ipod(to looks from passers by/fellow shoppers), but then it switched over to not wanting to go out unless absolutely necessary,not getting dressed for days, cooked for myself less and had ready meals/take aways much more. Been on the mood level to mood below level for several years now .I don't think government attacks on the disabled have helped with respect to anxiety and negative mood. Then there's the "risperdal effect"? which seems to overlap with the "government attacks on the disabled" effect.