  Insomnia  valleygirl, 4  So I started taking buspirone for anxiety 2 days ago, and my psychiatrist told me that I should start taking it at night, because one of the side effects is drowsiness. But the last 2 nights I've had problems with waken up in the wee hours and not being able to fall asleep again, and I am so bloody tired during the day. I don't know if I should just wait it out and hope the insomnia will pass, or if I should call my psychiatrist tomorrow and tell him what's going on. I'm only talking 5 mg before going to bed. That's for 5 days, and then for 5 days I'm supposed to take 10 mg before bed, and then 10 mg twice a day for 5 days, and then 10 mg 3 times a day, and that brings me up to my next scheduled appointment. The last time I tried to get in to see my psychiatrist before my scheduled appointment I wasn't able to, and ended up going to the ER instead. But I was in crisis then, and I'm not in crisis right now, although if this insomnia continues, who knows what will happen. No one can help me  valleygirl, 2  People, doctors, therapists, mental health professionals, ministers, priests--they think they can help. They think medication, therapy, prayer, spirituality can heal me. There is nothing that can heal me, nothing that can take away my fear and despair. They all think that the main think is to keep me alive, but what determines that keeping me physically alive is worth more than the anguish I live with every day? When I disclose how bad things are, therapists tell me to go to the hospital or see my psychiatrist. When I tell a doctor how bad things are they want to medicate me and get me into therapy. Doctors send me to therapists and therapists send me to doctors. Religious people think they can help me with prayer until they realize they have gotten in over their heads with me, and they tell me to go to the hospital. Everyone sends me to someone else. No one knows what to do with me, and I still somehow manage to elude being hospitalized. Death is the only solution. Death is the only way out of my pain. Positive Affirmations  valleygirl, 1 Week AgoMy therapist wants me to come up with about 20 positive affirmations, but I'm finding it really hard. I've been looking on the Internet for ideas but they are extremely stupid, and if I told myself the ones I saw on the Internet I'd be lying to myself and feel like a fraud.So far what I've come up with are:1) I am a lover of beauty2) I care deeply about children3) I care about how children's experiences shape their livesI can't say that I love my body, because I hate how fat I am. I can't say that I love myself, because that just feels way too weird.Does anyone else have any ideas, anything positive you tell yourself that doesn't sound too cheesy?

 Suicidal  valleygirl, 1 Week Ago 12I keep coming back to suicidal ideation. I have a few days every couple of weeks where I feel mildly less depressed, but the depression and anxiety never really go away. And then it gets worse, and I feel like I have nowhere to go. I circle round and round and round inside my head, and every attempt to better my life exacerbates my depression and anxiety. Now I am having to apply for social assistance and the process is accelerating my stress, and my suicidal thoughts are intensifying. I am thinking about how I could kill myself, what I need to buy and where I could buy it. I pretty much have it all figured out


  Little by Little  valleygirl, 5  I would say that today has been been a successful day, even though I am still quite low. I got up at 10 this morning, showered, got my hair cut, and went to the grocery store. None of that was pleasant, but I got it done, in spite of feeling dazed and slightly nauseous after my first dose of buspirone last night. I even got some tidying done in my apartment this afternoon, and now I am wiped, so I am taking a break. I am feeling more positive about being able to get my place cleaned up before the fire alarm inspection on Tuesday. It's little by little, right? One day at a time.