Really don't know what to do, how to feel better.Sometimes, I feel sad/ depress. It come and goes. But, these two weeks, I just can't get over it, feel terrible all the time.ÊI feel tightness/pain on my chest, body arms and legs become cold, when I think of something that bothers me. I can't concentrate, can't work, can't help but feel great sadness, and tightness on my chest, feel my head going to exploded.I am seeing a guy for 9, 10 months. we have great time, and great connection. I feel that he has been withdraw/ distance for last 5 months.... I though he was busy or going through something, but, just realize...maybe not... I could/ and would like to write about what happen. But,... I know it's not about him, it's about me.I tried to work on myself, and read some articles, and I understand that I have to have a happy and fulfill life first, then everything will come along. I think that's the problem. I don't have happy and fulfill life. I work at home by myself, I am not too social, I have few close friends who all married....I saw this guy again a week ago, and feel that something changed. Just the feeling of he might not be that interested anymore, and the problem is me. If I am not happy, then I am not going to attract any right person, and have the relationship I want.ÊI know what I should do, I should focus on making my life better. But, I feel so sad, can't sleep, can't eat, can't work. And, this tightness on my chest, just make me feel trap and going to exploded. I can't work, that make me feel more trap, and sad, then it effect how I think about myself, and the relationship, then I can't feel good about myself, and the relationship (with anybody, not just that guy) will become worse, then I feel more sad, can't work, can't do anything, can't even walk on the street without feeling want to put my head in the sand.... It's like a cycle, it's like I just sink in more and more, don't know how to get out, and what to do, just feel going to exploded. don't really know how to describe it.ÊBTW, I do creative design work, but I have deadline to meet. now, I am so behind, don't know, and can't see myself how to finish the projects. I can't get anything/ idea out of my head, can't get myself together to work, feel like I lose all my ability, and know how to do anything...Please help!! appreciate!!! I know it's long post, thank you for reading.