My Story And Thoughts   Arelem , 22 Apr 2015Forgive if this is not the right place, but its the only one I could figure out. I really need to put this down someplace that I'm not going to be judged or ridiculed. I'm 56 years old and doing a job usually done by 20somethings, desktop/helpdesk support. It is the only thing I know how to do. I'm not a job hopper, my last 2 positions were 7 years each. The 1st I was forced out by a new CIO that wanted his own people in there. The second was because the Feds shut the place down after arresting the owner for Medicare fraud.I found a new job last April and then proceeded to have a bad year, health-wise, my first ever. I had 2 cataract surgeries, an emergency hernia operation, I collapsed at work from stress related factors, then I missed a week from having gout in left knee. The day I returned from my gout, I was fired. They said it was because I didn't get a project done, but that project had been due while I was out sick. I think they fired me because I got sick one too many times but I can't prove it and I live in an "at will" work state.So here I am, unemployed, no savings of any sort because of my sicknesses. Unemployment is only 50% of my work income. I have no car so I'm limited to looking for jobs close to public transportation. The last 10 years have been a real mess for me. My Dad passed away unexpectedly in 2004 and I was left to take care of my Mom who was starting to show signs of dementia. My sisters had moved away, one over 20 miles west of the city with her husband, the other got married and had 2 kids. About a year after my Dad died, my Mom wandered out of the house while I was at work a couple times and I ended up having to put her in a nursing home. No help from my sisters, just me. For 4 years I visited her 2 to 3 times a week and watched her deteriorate. In that same time, both of my sisters, together, visited her less than the fingers on your hands, maybe one foot too. She finally passed away on a night that I was just too tired for my usual visit.I was living in her house in the neighborhood I grew up in and knew everyone, it was home. But, it had to be sold to settle her estate and I couldn't afford to buy out my sisters, so I had to move to an extended stay hotel until I found a house. I finally did, on practically the other side of the city from everything I knew, in a neighborhood of an ethnic makeup that, if you aren't of the same ethnicity, they don't want much to do with you. My friends have drifted away. One went off the "Fox News Deep End" and wants nothing to do with any "liberal Democrat" types (I'm about as unpolitical as they come). Another's wife came down with a disorder that is slowly making her nuts and he can't leave her alone for very long. The 3rd is taking care of her aged Mom with a daytime caregiver but I also think its because I'm no longer convenient. Before I moved, we were only 4 blocks apart. At this point, I'm pretty lost and feeling very isolated and alone. More than once I have had thoughts of ending it all, but I have far too logical of a mind to do it. I know it won't solve anything and all it will do is leave a big mess for my sisters to clean up. But besides this, I feel like I have a constant weight on me, sometimes something on TV will make me start crying. I'm not sleeping excessively but my schedule is all messed up and I can't sleep comfortably or soundly anywhere.  Its been 10 years now and I'm just bone tired. I have no idea what to do, where to go, who to talk to. I don't have health insurance after 4/30, so a doctor is out, or antidepressants. To anyone who takes the time to read this, thank you. That's all I want.