I really think I need help this timeI have been struggling with deperession my whole life.I attempted suicide 4 times in high school, and was hospitalized for a week.ÊMy parents said that it was 'just a phase' that I "just wanted attention" or "I just needed more coping methods" (their favorite) Or that I didn't need meds. That I wasn't worth the 8 grand that my treatment cost.MY dad was exremely physically and verbally abusive. My mother emotinally abused me as well.I moved out and was ok for quite a while. I thought my life was turning around and that I would be fine.Sure, I relapsed a few times, cut a few times, but it was quickly turned back around and I got out of that spiral quickly.I got married, and then this last year it started to spiral again.I moved in with my mother and siblings with my husband. We both lost our jobs and had to leave our home town because of debt.We said it was just temporary, just until my husband left for basic training in the airforce. (Which is still an undetermined amount of time away)She made my life a living HELL.So much so that I began to cut again.I was working three jobs while my husband stayed home and played video games.Then, I would come home, and my mother would yell at me and accuse us of being slobs, that the messy house was my fault, that I didn't help her or do enough around the house.We finally got out of there after three months, after I had recieved a settlement from a car accident I was in a year prior.We moved into a fantastic new apartment, but I feel completly unmotivated.ÊWe managed to pay a year upfront in rent, but I have been funding every. single. thing. since january.I told my husband when we moved that he needed to get a job.I said that I was afraid that if we paid all of our rent upfront, that he would use that as an excuse to not get a job.He told me that I had no right to feel that way, and that really, the settlement was part his anyways, and that what did we have to pay for now, and to quit asking him, I was being a nag.He wanted to purchase another video game, and I said he should wait until he gets a job then it could be his reward.He called me selfish and said that I was horrible with money and that he should carry my bank cards from now on.Then today, he yelled at me because I did not get something from the car for him at the DMV, when I didnt hear him in the first place.We have gotten mutiple tickets on his car that I have had to pay, because he refused to pay to have the car registered in OCTOBER.He didnt want to do it because I asked him too many times.He then got angry at me later because I was browsing on my phone and didn't show him what I was looking at.I explained that it was tumblr, and I was embarassed at some of the things that had shown up on my feed, and that I simply didnt want to show him.He yelled at me that I was keeping things from him.I am so angry and so depressed.I have never been so upset to punch a wall until tonight.I want to hurt myself, badly, to make the pain go away.But I am angry because I am too much of a coward to just off myself and get it over with.I don't want a divorce. I don't want to admit failure. But I constantly have to watch what I say and do. My husband no longer tries, doesn't do any of the things he did when we first moved in together.I feel like I am trying to the best of my ability, but I am so worn down and de-motivated. None of my favorite hobbies interest me any longer, I just want to lay around.I feel like I cant bring this up to him. Any time I say anything remotely negative to him, ask him to do anything, it turns into a fight. Even when I present the way that I feel and why I am asking him to do something.Honestly, if this is the way my life is going to go, I do not want it.This stupid cycle of being ok one month and in living hell the next is not something I can cope with anymore.The only reason I haven't offed myself is because I am too scared of doing it wrong and ending up a cripple.I know this is long winded, but Please. I am begging you. Someone please please help me.