Stopped taking anti-depressant, mood gone downHey everyone. A bit of background on me: had first ever appointment with psychiatrist in January, he said I have mild BPD and also prescribed me medication for depressive feelings. He also referred me to a psychologist. Had a few appointments with psychologist, found he wasn't going in a direction I felt I needed to go in (focusing entirely on phobias and social anxiety which aren't the problems I came to get help for) so I have stopped going. Was feeling good on medication, was as upbeat as I can be and had no suicidal ideations. During this time I had no job and was running out of money so that's a time that would normally trigger bad thoughts, and I weathered it, remarkably. Due to having no money I couldn't afford to get my script  filled and haven't been taking it for over a week. I started a full time job nearly 3 weeks ago, got a car and have started learning to drive, and am moving to a nicer house this month, where I can fulfil my dream of getting a dog. Yet the creeping thoughts of loneliness, helplessness, sadness, despair, uselessness and thoughts of suicide have crept back in and tonight I have been crying in the bathroom alone and picturing a world without me. I feel so lonely and isolated from my family (they live an hour away) and down and out. This is exactly how I have felt for a long time and why I sought help. So I am beginning to realise, that even though things are, on paper, 'looking up' for me, that I can never be happy. My own brain will not allow me to be happy. This adds to my sadness and despair and wondering what is the point. I need to get my script again, and I see that maybe I can never live a life without some type of anti depressant. Even though I don't have major depression, a persistent low mood and patches of feeling worthless and suicidal is a big deal to live with. Is a life on anti-depressants a life? I feel like I have been burdened with this brain and I'm so lonely, yet know that being near people won't cure that loneliness. It's a bad thing. Anyway this is a huge rant, I guess I want to hear from people that it IS possible to have 'a life' when your own brain is working against your happiness. Thanks and sorry for the rant.