it's the optimism that hurts*Possible Triggers*Started by amc204?, 06-03-15 12:57 PMAs most of you know I've never been in a relationship and I'm in a job that I'm very overqualified for. It's got to a stage where I'm scared of being optimisticFor example there is this girl I'd like to get to know more but because of no experience to draw upon I am beginning to think about not doing anything about her anymore. The reason for this is that I have looked ahead and imagined her saying yes and that we do things together like couples do. This isn't the first time I've imagined a scenario like this and when nothing happens with someone I like it makes the mental fall feel even worse and at times unbearable. It's got to a point where I feel it's not worth trying because I'm not strong enough and even though I want to be more positive and upbeat, the fall back down to earth from that high is just too much.It's the same with jobs and picturing myself in that role I've applied for but then I get rejected and it feels so much worse.I want to say something to this girl and apply for jobs but does anyone else feel the same in that the optimism is the main cursor to depression?does depression stop you from finding loveStarted by amc204?, 30-01-15 08:37 AMRather than carrying on on another thread of mine I thought I'd start a new one.Firstly, sorry for bringing the subject up again but I still believe that having zero experience in the past of being in a relationship is still weighing heavily against me in trying to be in one.Someone at work was talking about him going to the gym and the class that he does and how there are plenty of young people there. Then someone else said that I should join so I can meet the ladies there. It's got me feeling really down and wondering whether I'll every be capable of starting one at this relatively late stage of my early life. Even if I did join this class I wouldn't have a clue how to talk to women there.Last night I went to a pub quiz with some people from the running group and when I arrived a girl who only joined this month was at the bar. She saw me so I went over to say hello then she said 'I was about to give you a hug but you just stood there'. I then gave her one but that made me wonder whether she is trying to give a sign and if I'm just completely blind to it. I feel so down about this and my mum is starting to ask more often if I talk to the girls at the group or anywhere else so she is obviously worried I'll always be alone and I don't blame her.It must be because of my anxiety and low self esteem that I can't form a relationship because I don't have the faintest idea what to do. I'm a lost causeHUGE dilemma *triggers*Started by amc204?, 25-02-15 09:03 PMI had a second session of hypnotherapy this evening which was hard because I was forced to say nice things about myself and I was shut down if I said anything negative or bad about myself. Eventually we ended up writing a paragraph about myself full of things I like about myself which wasn't easy but it's something I shall have to read to myself regularly so that I can try to begin to believe it. I was told that a bit like a train I'm so used to taking a neural path down the bad tracks of negativity and that it has become way too natural.ANYWAY, at the end of the session she wanted to book me in for next time and I said could it be after 11th March (for those ho don't know that's the date of my final CIMA exam which I'm really beginning to stress about) she said that's fine but it's really up to me as to whether I can wait two weeks when she reckoned we should meet again next week. I then expressed my concerns about the financial commitment. I mean one month's of therapy with her would be £320 in total (£80 per session) and then I started talking about how much I must have spent on counselling and therapy in the past and how it would stress me adding on the £320 to my monthly mortgage repayment as well as council tax and service charges.Maybe it's the stress of the upcoming exam but she said it was up to me to decide whether to carry on. She couldn't tell me how many sessions I would need so when I guessed 5 she reckoned it would be more. She said she wouldn't go over things that happened to me in the past that has caused me to be the way I am until after 11th March in case it triggers something. The big thing I heard again from her was that it was unusual for someone of my age to have never had a relationship. I did clash with her a few times and while I can see some improvements I'm left wondering whether to carry on.In my mind, if I don't carry on then I'll never get better but despite going to loads of counselling and therapies I still feel I need more so what does that say about me? Maybe when I've got my head a bit more straight in a couple of weeks time I can look at it more rationally but I'm been questioning whether carrying on with counselling and therapy is really the solution or whether I'm just a lost cause because to be honest I'm fed up of spending more and more money even though I can afford it. That has always been a big phobia of mine, spending too much money and these counselling sessions are really testing my fear of this.I'm back, what next?**Triggers**Started by amc204?, 20-11-14 06:46 PMHello everyone. I finished my final CIMA exam just over two hours ago and feel absolutely shattered mentally. I'll post more tomorrow but thank you for all the good luck messages that you left me. The exam is so time pressured despite being three hours long. It's too soon afterwards to pass judgement and I'm trying not to think about it but feel it went OK and that I made enough valid points and didn't get stuck. I just hope for good news in four weeks time. It feels so relieving to have that out of the way. Wondering what's going to happen to me next. The negative thoughts got in the way a lot during preparation for today but I think I recognised them and realised it was all on my head.