
What Keeps You Going
Ê
  DNM13 ,ÊYesterday, 12:40 PM

I mean really...in what ways do you guys cope with the incessant repitition, and the life long grind every stinking day? If I could describe depression for myself, it would be the combination of boredom, hatred, fear, panic, anxiety, hopelessness, and apathy all rolled into my default state of being. The only thing that I think kept me going all these years was the belief that one day I would get better. Perhaps one day I will be at peace with myself and find my own own source of happiness, is what I always thought, but those thoughts are few and far between now.Ê

It's almost like I have given into the depression. Everytime I tried to fight depression, it was victorious and beat me down further. Why continue the fight? This is who I am. Maybe I wasn't meant to be happy. Realistically, I shouldn't be sad. Why should I be. So many people would trade places with me, yet here I am, hating my own very existance, and that adds to the guilt.

So really, what keeps some of you going? How can you smile when in the back of your mind, and sometimes at the front of it, you want to end your own existance. Do you take up an instrument, hobby, writing, talk to someone?

I have an appointment this month with a psychiatrist. I know they are going to ask me to rate my mood in a variety of categories from 1-10, I know that I am going to score highly for major depression, and I know I am going to be put on meds. And likely, they will have a minimal effect.

I have tried many times to beat this thing, I have tried many times to cope, but I am just worn out. I no longer care about my career, my appearance, family and friends, learning and growing as a person...I just want to lie in a dark corner and die. That's it.

And here I am, I want to give this thing one more shot. One more shot to beat, or at least learn to cope with this depression, but I am fearful I will fail yet again, and I am not sure how many more failures I have left in me. The older I get the more hopeless it seems. Everyday bleeds into the next. I no longer look forward to anything. This just sucks. I want out of my own head. I want to live life, but in my current state of mind - which seems to my default - I cannot do that.Ê

Well, I am sure I will be back soon on this forum.
n
