Do I Have To Make People Afraid Of Me To Prevent Them Walking All Over Me?   Saliency , 27 Apr 2015I'm always nice to people and show understanding, but when I give them an inch they take a mile. I don't want to be a nasty person, but it seems like the only way to prevent people from walking all over you is to give them a reason to be afraid of you. People only respect you if they think you're going to cause them some kind of pain if they show you disrespect. You might say "Well there's a difference between being assertive and making people afraid of you." Well really, there's not. Assertiveness works because people think that at some point, if they push you too far, you will threaten their well being. Assertiveness is just the behaviour that precedes the threat. It gives people a reason to believe that you will cause them pain at some point in the future, either the next time they disrespect you, the time after that or the time after that. But they're still afraid of you because at some point you will hurt them in some way. When I was severely depressed, I just moaned about people walking all over me all the time and was happy to give in to it while wishing for death. Now that I'm no longer depressed, or at least not severely depressed, I have an urge to give it back as good as I get. For the first time I have this urge to put myself first and disregard the feelings of those who hurt me first. It's somewhat empowering to feel like I finally give a crap about myself, but at the same time I'm hesitant because I'm worried about losing my empathy along the way. What if I were to become so self-interested and so paranoid that I just didn't stop hurting other people for my own gain? Note that I don't at all feel the need to cause any discomfort to anyone who treats me with mutual respect. But these days, whenever someone doesn't respect my decision the first time I say "No", I just want to crush them and it actually disturbs me quite a bit that I feel no empathy for them whatsoever. I seem to get a lot angrier at people than I used to. Not upset, just enraged.