Fighting invisible wars inside my head?that's really what it feels like for me at the moment. like i'm fighting a war with depression or just these voices in my head or my past or maybe it is just me, and whenever i don't pay attention for one second i lose the war and i'm feeling like crap all over again.Êi thought i was doing better for the past week, but the relapses just keep coming and keep happening, no matter how hard i try, and no matter how well i was doing.Êand at the same time, the outside world doesn't know anything about it (because personally, i can't be bothered trying to explain it to them as they don't even try to understand) and has all these judgements and opinions about me being lazy and boring and sad and that the only thing i do is sleep all day. i know that that shouldn't be my concern, but it still is and i can't seem to let it go.Êdoes anyone sometimes feel like this as well? it's like, such an empty feeling and you're not even sure how you feel at all most of the time.going nowhereI don't see a reason for keeping on living any further. 2yrs ago, my to-be-wife left me for religious reasons. I don't know why I can't get a normal grade on any of my final exams at university. I always get grades in the high 80s during all courses, but then for some reason I get in the mid 40's on my finals. My mother just isn't here for me since she started living with her new bf. I live by myself in this big house. I go to work and people think I am an outcast or something just because I am worried not to bother anyone. Then they realize I am not, but first impression is always weird. Got involved in an accident recently that hurt my neck and totalled my car. Ever since, it's been a struggle for me with insurance to get them to even do anything. First they tried saying I was at fault, then they figured I was not. So they offered me money, but there is just something else that needs to be done and I am stuck with a broken car. I will probably hae to quit school with my final exam grades. And I am going through this and other **** all by myself in the big empty house. I see no future for myself. Just stuck in an infinite ****-loop with no exit condition. I am respected by my friends and they ask for my help all the time, but I can't get to share any of this with anyone of them as I feel like it would seem to them completely incompatible with my personality that they have seen. Everyone has some expectation of me - big or small - but noone asks how I feel or what it costs me. I am tired of living like this. My energy is gone and I just want to be gone forever and put an end to it all.