Thoughts on Depression: don't give up hopeHello brothers and sisters, and yes we are all brothers and sisters in this fight. First off I am not nor would I want to be any kind of professional head shrink, I am just a redneck (yabo lol) that has and still is fighting this demon we call depression. First off a lot of you and a lot of other people have asked. "Do we ever get better?" The answer is yes with help, either through medication or simply talking through it, but and as always there is a flip side to this coin, I honeslty think that once you go through a major depression and you come out on the other side we are still in danger of back sliding.I feel that its kind of like a recovering drug/booze/gambler in that once you go through this beast we tend to start to over think things when we feel ourselves backsliding..we start to remember all the negative things that we went through and we can accidently amplify them. Depression is a true demon simply because it takes so much from us and leaves just a shell. This shell can smile and even laugh..and the outside world only sees this so called tough shell that this demon has left behind, yet this shell of a person that we use to be is brittle and one simple poke and we crumble to pieces.This demon takes everything that we once were. Sounds kind of strange but the truth of the matter is that depression takes our logic from us first. You see my brothers and sisters depression runs on a lot of emotions, even the good ones feeling happy down to being sad and crying all the time. We stop thinking and let the emotions run our lives and its very hard to think straight when your emotions are all over the place. And yes you can be to happy or to energetic because you will crash and that crash is a hard one.But do not give up hope, do not go looking for hope for we tend to miss a lot of things that are in front of us, but never give up on hope, let it find you. The best advice I can give to you all is simply be. Let go of the past (easer said then done I know) do not worry about the future, and live in this day, this moment. Take care of today and let the future take care of itself. Oh and let yourself be depressed, do not be shamed of it. Everyone. yes everyone gets depressed from time to time, some of us just get it a bit worse then others.So keep your heads up, talk to your doctors and do not be ashamed of asking for help. We ALL need help from time to time and this forum is one of many places to seek help!Be well my family!12Ê