I, Unworthy   MrMisery , 26 Apr 2015I don’t know why I’m posting here.  I’m talking to strangers, for loss of anyone else that I can speak these words to. A slight step up upon screaming these words into the wind – which, by the way, upon writing, sounds incredibly tempting, and I fully intend to do. I am a highly functioning drunk, who has kicked the habit and the addiction. I am a good man, dragged through hell, and from that have come a thousand vices – and I’ve conquered them. I am, for the first time in my life, a good man. I can stand before whatever judge, as me, and say that of myself, I am proud. There are a lot of great people nestled beneath my wing, and they trust me, and for once I deserve their trust, and for once, I am a good example. But I am burning, and I am drowning – please save me from myself. Please, let there be an easy day. A kind heart that take the incredible, ridiculous burden that I carry.  I had a rough day today – in case you can’t tell, by my writing here. But for a moment, in my darkest hour, I found a fifteen minute reprieve; sitting a bar with two beautiful women (beautiful, in every way). My mind is eased, as it always is, by pleasant conversation and distraction, and focus on others. But the weight of my mind, the corruption of my soul, the dark and highly messed up roads I’ve walked.... dare I lay that on another’s shoulders? I do not dare. Nor will I ever. One of these lovely women would be a very big change of pace in my world. I only know one type of girl; the type with her legs open wide. But I am not worthy of women capable of conversation, I am buried in my safe hiding hole. A friend of mine, much older than me, stood leaning against a pool table looking at one of the many empty women in my life, and said something about the pleasures of the young. I explained the emptiness, and he said “son, I’ll see your heartbreak, and raise you one”.  I can’t remember if I had a drink in my hand, but I suspect I toasted it. That’s what it’s all about really, heartbreak, and the unwillingness to be emotionally invested. My heart and soul is given; you meet and empty and broken man, with nothing to give.  What is left of me? There is strength still, and there will always be. But is there a shred of innocence and purity left? Is there something good? I am doing so much right now for my little corner of the world. I am contributing so much to it, and creating so much, that no one else could. I am helping so many good people. I am proud of that, but it feels a little bit like a lie. Only they’ve seen me broken. They’ve seen me much worse than this, and for some reason still respect and trust me.    For those who trust me, and for my unborn children, I am trying.