Coping with devastation when your life is torn apartDear friendsThought it was time I got back online & shared what's happened & apologize for not being around to welcome relatively new members.ÊI had hoped this year I would do a lot of healing. But life can be taken off you. My husband who's been in remission from leukemia for nearly Êfive years we've had devastating news that it's back & acute & aggressive.Things have to move fast. Hospitalized from this time onwards for approx 9 months of intensive chemo & bone marrow transplant. Not a good outlook but somehow do I stop my mind thinking of the terrible journey ahead. Telling the kids was so hard. I feel broken in pieces. ÊTry to be managing in front of him but sit up & cry all night thinking how will I get through this? He's just 40 & I hate life it's torn apart & Im alone to support everyone when I'm in pieces & Êqueston can an manage this journey alone.Also the civil case against the Priest who abused me is on my mind. The church have suspended him pending investigation. I haven't even written my statement so lawyers on both sides waiting on me.And how do I get through all this & give my kids as much support as possible, watch my husband deteriorate & visit him everyday not knowing if he will survive, get through a traumatic legal case about being drugged & raped as a kid and try act normal & strong & be the one who holds it all Êtogether?ÊI try to be humble, I try to think of all who face pain but right now I am on verge if tears always, have moments I think I know I'm only holding on for everyone else or I think I'd be suicidal. I'm tired of being told I'm strong. I have a he'll of a year in front of me & I feel like life has stopped, I'm numb yet I'm hurting deeply, I'm weak when I'm going to have to be so strong. ÊAnd I don't have any real practical support. Once people know they tend to stay away. I have no close friends & where & how am I going to get through this year. I don't Êwant to see my husband get sicker every day when he could die from his white cells being destroyed by chemo & infection or what if there's no donor or he doesn't respond to transplant? How do I relive the abuse & trauma I went through as a young girl by a Priest I trusted how do I get justice & can anything help give me justice? Money? That doesn't come close to redemption. My husband asked me to promise I'd keep going til I got some forms of justice.I am alone, terrified, no support.Friends-Neil, John.Geoff, GA Ê& all I need you.Mares