Going downhill fast.Hi ! I am new to this site, but needed to talk to someone as I can not seem to stop crying, each day I seem to do less and less which makes me feel worse, but I dont know how to stop. I am 41 years old, very overweight, with two beautiful teenage daughters aged 17 and 14. We run our own sucessful business, which is very stressful, and also keeps hubby very busy. We have recently purchased a beautiful home set amongst 7 acres of gorgeous gardens ( I should be happy!) I am going through early menopause, which is probably not helping. My job keeps me fairly isolated, I do not get to connect with people much. I live in a small country town, where everyone knows everyone. It doesnt seem to matter how nice I am to people, I can not seem to make friends. I only have one friend, who has her own issues with a child with cp. Hubby and I love each other, but due to my weight issues, I vary rarely will be affectionate with him, because my body is so discusting to me. I have never been an intelligent person, and even though we run a successful business, I feel people warrant that to my husband, so I guess I just feel worthless. I am so lonely, so sad, everything anyone says I overanalyse and take to heart and spend days crying over. I get so angry at myself, because I have nothing to be depressed about. I have family who love me, a nice house, job. How would I cope if there was something seriously wrong? I feel ilke I am such a bad parent because my protective instints go overboard when other kids or parents say things about my children., to the point I hurt so badly inside, i cant control my emotions on the outside. My kids end up not talking to me and telling me whats going on in their life because they know I cant deal with the negative. I know I need to interact more with people, I did try a few weekends ago, I invited quite a few people to my house for a housewarming, and barely anyone showed up. I feel the more I try the more people dont like me. I have a daughter who is quite good at sports, and she receives a lot of jealous comments etc. I am at the point where I am bursting to say something to a couple of mothers and kids, but I know if I do , it will wreck things for her, but their comments just eat away at me.  Does anyone have any ideas how  I can find people who might connect with me, without to much more rejection, which I dont think I could cope with? Sorry for the long winded whinge!