Seriously, cant take anymore. *Trigger*Started by spinner?, 04-01-15 11:55 AMSo to cut a long story short, I have ruined my life. Basically back in 2009/2010 I dropped out of university in my final year due to depression/drinking morning til night. The next couple of years got worse. I was running around getting arrested/getting kicked out of my parents/ taking overdoses of antidepressents etc.In 2013 I started a AAT course at my local college and Im now stuck living with my parents, in this awful admin job that bores me to death. It is badly paid and so boring and monotonous. I am given all of the most boring tasks imaginable. I used to ask for more work to do because after I am done ticking boxes (literally about 70% of my job is just ticking a box on a computer window) I usually have a few hours to kill. Howver, I have stopped asking for more work because either im told there is nothing for me to do or given really menial tasks like filing. So the rest of the day is spent staring at the internet.It is also a very bitchy environment to work in and the other two members of my team talk about everyone behind their backs which im sure they do about me as i am the only one of the three of us that leaves the office at lunch.I feel so trapped and like a total and utter pathetic failure that I am nearly 30 (turn 29 in a few days) and this is what I am stuck doing and living with my parents and cant see how its ever going to get any better. Im pretty much unemployable due to my history so I feel like its pointless to even look for something else ( it took me about 18 months to find this job!). I sometimes feel like id like to try an open university course or something but im sure i would mess it up like i did before so i have no confidence left to even try (plus i didnt do a levels, i did a business btec so my course choices would be limited)Every day I am filled with dread at the prospect of going into my soul destroying monotonous job, I feel sick with nerves a lot of the time just at the thought of it. Im not sure why im writing this or what im really expecting in the way of responses, I just had to gfet it off my chest I guess.Ive been depressed for a very, very long time (probably my entire 'adult' life) and none of the various medications/psychotherapies ive tried have really helped. Im currently on mirtazapine which does not help at all, Im constantly tempted to stop taking it but for some reason i fear i would be 'worse' without it (great marketing by the pharmaceutical companies maybe)Anyways, im sorry for the length of this, i just needed to rant but ive been very open and candid and honest and id appreciate your thoughts. Thanks in advance!Added trigger warning as per DWD RULES