Need to let it out *Triggers*Started by Flinny?, 26-03-15 01:03 AMAbout 4 years ago now i struggled badly with depression. During that time i couldn't really sleep and often had very weak moments in which I self harmed. Looking back I don't see why I choose to do it, I never did it for attention. I used to do it in places which I could hide. But now I see the scars left behind and I hate my younger self for it. But I realised that this was a serious problem and saw my GP. I was referred to a local specialist and in the end I didn't attend my appointment, I felt that just admitting I was struggled helped me to overcome it along with other life changes. Flash forward to the last couple of days. I can feel myself getting back to that stage. Life just seems to be throwing too much at me recently. Im currently at University and Im started to hate my course, Im unmotivated since after applying to multiple internships no-one even wanted me to advance to the second stage. Since this my grades have fallen and I feel forced to stick my course out to the end now. On top of this I have serious issues at home with my current girlfriend. I love this girl Ive known her for over 5 years now, yet my family have said they don't support me and that if it got anymore serious I wouldn't be helped financially in the future. On top of that Ive been in constant financial trouble since being at Uni, at the time of writing this Ive maxed my overdraft and have rent at the end of the month. I don't go out and drink and waste money, I just receive the smallest possible loan and get little help from my family. Partly due to me not liking to ask for money. My living status doesn't help at all either. Im a very clean person, yet during term I live with 6 other males. You can imagine the state of the house, It forces me to go home to my family almost every other weekend as i just cant stand to be around it.I just feel my depression coming back hard, there have been previous returns but only briefly. This has been building up for ages now and i just feel trapped with no direction to go in my life. Last time admitting I had a problem helped me and Im hoping it will do the same again.I don't know what to expect or what type of response Im looking for. I just needed to let it out to someone.Thank you for reading heres hoping I can fall asleep, have to sit an exam in 8 hours