What does it feel like to feel "numb"?I'm supposed to be like...noticing what I feel more and like getting in touch my emotions etc. but I don't think I really feel much?Like...I have reactions to things, e.g. we just got netflix and I was like "yes that's awesome" but I don't think I really felt anything physically in my body, it was just a thought? I think I used to feel more than that? Maybe? Idk? And one of my grandparents who I wasn't all that close to died and I was just like "I should act sad because that's a sad thing", even during the funeral I was just...fine? Like I didn't care? Usually I cry pretty easily, at least in sympathy with other criers, and my mum, sister and cousins were all at least sniffling and I wasn't even doing that?And I know when people are depressed sometimes they end up feeling numb, or they feel flat, or dead, or like they have no feelings, but I'm not all that sure what is actually meant by that? And usually I read about this being connected with losing interest in things they like which isn't what I'm experiencing... I still enjoy things, at least I think I do? Like I entertain myself, and there are still things that I like doing to fill my time.But then life doesn't ever actually seem worth living so I guess I'm not enjoying things that much, but I've felt like that for at least two years so that's not exactly a new thing...but I'm pretty sure I used to have a lot more feelings than this. I was sad, at least, and stressed. I remember that. Tbh I just feel really chill...like nothing truly bothers me, like I just don't care. But I'm kind of confused about this whole thing and I'm not quite sure what's going on here, so I was wondering what other's people's experiences were with having less or no feelings during depression? What was this experience like? Could you still be entertained by things? Could things still make you laugh etc?I'm not even sure what I'm really asking for here...just anything anyone can say that relates to anything I've written here lol- Amy G