 I'm in a bad situation. HELP PLEASEOk so since about January-ish I thought there was something wrong with me and I searched up some of the ways I have been feeling and a lot of it pointed to Borderline Personality Disorder. until about a month ago I searched one simple phrase and thought it would bring up a slough of Disorders and diseases and from there I would narrow it down. Instead everything came up DEPRESSION. I didn't believe it so I read up a lot about it and kinda watched how I have been acting for the past month and even though I still don't want to believe it I think I might have depression. I'm in a rut though, recently I wanted to go to my school psychologist to talk but I can never find the time also the last time I asked him he kinda laughed and asked why which was really demotivating and upsetting since it was in a hallway filled with kids (I said NVM)it made me feel worse. Then I tried telling my best buddy and he just told me about some story how he used to be sad all of time, which I didn't want to hear, and after that told me I can talk to him whenever I feel some type of way and now I feel like he doesn't care or Ignores me when I do, It is at most once a week. so I dont think i'm bothering him, but now I don't like talking to him. I really feel like I have no one else to talk to and since I'm a guy some people will think i'm overreacting or being a baby.Also it doesn't help that my grades have dropped from A's and B's to C's and D's. Since that happened my dad asks me why and I want to tell him but I don't want to tell him that his son might be more messed up than he already thinks. Plus he will think that i'm coming up with an excuse and he will think i'm trying to guilt trip him into not grounding me, which I could care less if he did or not. I don't want to tell my mom because then my dad will get mad for not telling him. I don't know what to do, I don't really want to tell a teacher either because I think they will think I'm using it as an excuse. I want someone I can talk too. but i don't really know who. I don't want people to pity me I just kinda want to know what is wrong with me and be able to talk about it.


I think i'm depressed. Am I?For the past couple of months I have really been feeling Down, empty, guilty, and Kind of disconnected with everything, shut out, its hard to explain. I feel alone in the way I feel. I'm down ALOT when i'm by myself and sometimes when people are around.I still laugh and act normal with my friends even if it hurts to do so. I get agitated and irritable easily with everything. I feel restless (Also hard to explain). I HATE being around everyone in my family. I live with my dad step-mom and 3 siblings in Germany (military). Whenever i'm around them this rage and anxiety builds in me. I feel worthless and I cant do anything right EVER which leads to stronger helpless feelings and my parents don't help as they seem to talk to me like i'm too dumb to comprehend anything. I feel so demotivated and I can't concentrate my grades have slipped drastically. But something that really scared me is when I started losing interest in the things that I love to do and music seems not to be as good anymore. I feel helpless and it drives me to a rage because when I try to figure out why I feel more helpless,sad, and angry because I cant fix it. Also i have been craving and eating so much sugary and junky food it frightens me and when I realize this I kinda chuckle (Not in a good way)Possible Trigger  I feel crazy. cuz when i feel good i feel like im overreacting to everything till im alone again with my thoughts. Also if im feeling down around people who are happy and are trying to socialize with me is it normal for it to hurt when I try to be happy when Im not?

