I'm Better Off Dead Then...Ê  The Metradome Hasmath ,Ê25 Apr 2015I am a hedonist which means that feelings of pleasure are the only things that define my life as good (even though I still have full empathy and compassion towards my family and other innocent people as well). ÊHowever, it is actually only my own feelings of pleasure that define my personal life as good and nothing else since I am only in my own mind and not in the minds of others and cannot feel their pleasure. ÊMe somehow experiencing pleasure from witnessing someone else experiencing pleasure is not me experiencing their feelings of pleasure. ÊIt is all still my own personal feelings of pleasure. ÊTherefore, this is the reason why only my own feelings of pleasure define my personal life as good and nothing else. ÊMe living on to help out others in the event that my feelings of pleasure could never recover would not make my life worth living at all and wouldn't give my life any sense of good value. ÊIt would be good for them, but not for my own personal life. ÊI am just as important as any other innocent person and I deserve my life of pleasure, too. ÊBalance is key here and I must have my good life to live while others have their good lives to live and are helped out by me.ÊBefore you even try to convince me that there are other good things that can make my life good and worth living besides my feelings of pleasure and before you even try to change my thinking, I am not a part of your world and am not a part of your moral values. ÊWe might interact, but that doesn't mean I am a part of your moral values. ÊThey might apply in a physical sense in that you can choose to do whatever physical actions you want to me that will affect me physically. ÊHowever, your morals do not apply to me in the sense of me adhering to them and living by them. ÊExcept for rules such as on a forum website which I will adhere to.ÊTherefore, the things one might say such as that I am selfish or some crybaby do not apply to me and neither do the things I'm saying apply to these people either. ÊWe are both parallel universes here. ÊThe non-hedonistic advice one might give are like a straight parallel line that does not intersect with me and doesn't apply to me. ÊSame thing for my hedonistic values in that they also do not apply to you either. ÊTherefore, we should instead go about our own ways of life here and respect each others ways of life since I am not harming/demeaning anyone with my hedonistic life. ÊWhat you would deem as harm/disrespect is different than what I would deem as harm/disrespect. ÊTherefore, not even your idea of harm/disrespect applies to me either. ÊSo that is why we should instead go about our own ways of life and respect each others ways of life. ÊTherefore, you should respect the idea that if my feelings of pleasure don't ever recover, then I would end my life. ÊYou should, therefore, not tell me anything here that my life can still be good and worth living without my feelings of pleasure.ÊAny other form of scorn/mockery towards me also does not apply to me either. ÊTherefore, it would just simply be pointless for you to have any sort of scorn, name-calling, etc. towards me. ÊYou can if you want to. ÊBut it would all just go off into a parallel line and wouldn't even apply to me. ÊAlso, any things that anyone else says that my life can still be good and worth living without my feelings of pleasure, that doesn't apply to me either. ÊEven if it did somehow apply, then it would only be infringing upon my way of life which would be my life of pleasure I deserve to have and must have back. ÊA life of pleasure is the only thing I came into existence for and noting else. ÊThat is my own personal life here and you do not disrespect that by giving me scorn, mockery, or name-calling.