 My heart has been crushed by my caregivers!Started by Lonesome Loser?, 05-04-15 08:00 AMTo cut a long story short, I (used to) live in a flat where there are support workers in the flat / office next door to where I was staying. I'd been living there for over 3 years, beginning in May of 2011 up until July of last year.I had a team of caregivers, due to me having a type of autism, but I had the flat I was in to myself and I had outreach support, someone did a sleepover in flat 1 there, and etc. For years, they had been doing a lot of deceitful things to me that were never fully proven. The very first thing they did was there was an older man, who worked there between 2008 and 2010. He may have been on drugs, but I do not know. I just know he had personal problems which he hinted to. Well, he ended up sending me emails shortly after he was employed by this company (which I will not name for privacy reasons), and he was pretending to know my ex-girlfriend, whom I spent years valiantly looking for, for a second relationship. He used a made up name but frequently referred to his real name and said things so I knew it was him. Just before he left the job, he slipped up one time in front of my good mate while inappropriately drinking alcohol on a shift, and I knew it was him doing all that. But again, he left and it was never verified. He did however meet up with me once after admitting it to me and we played pool.Anyway, in more recent years, I lost two females due to accidentally crossing the thin line between a client and care worker. One was a Latino woman, from Spain. She was my 'key worker' and at first. she was really nice and had a good smile, nice personality and etc. They took the first lady off my team, for asking her on a date, then lied after promising me more shifts. This was after I was being used by the girlfriend I eventually found after nearly 7 years. So anyhow, they did give me one shift with her again but then started to lie and because I suspected this, I talked about her on Facebook once and they banned me from working with her.Around the same time period in late 2013, I had a crush on my key worker and then I leaked this out to a male worker I trusted. Well she was told this behind my back and then gave me a telling off one day once I slipped up, but before that she played games with me by saying she was moving to South America then later denied saying that. Every time we had support shifts after that day or she saw me during her sleepover allocations, she treated me like dirt. Eventually, the seniors that do up the rota removed her, then lied to me.One particular guy, said she was "still my key worker" but just temporarily helping others, so I blew up one day after he gave me a grin in front of my ex key worker when I confronted her one day about where she was. Eventually, I went to a meeting and they broke the news that I would not work with either lady. Then the head of the agency said I would not get them back, for the time-being, then reversed that decision to being forever. Then the only woman turned against me after being neutral, because I become agitated.Months later, I went to jail for the first time in my life to be remanded before a court hearing after I contacted the women saying nasty things after at first being arrested for going nuts, after my ex key worker stood me up in front of others last July, and then I stalked one of the other women near her house in order to try to say sorry. The seniors came to prison and admitted lying to me was wrong. After I got out of jail, I was remanded again in September for apologizing to them on the Internet, as they no longer wanted contact from me, but I missed both them and was disallowed to be in my flat due to my bail conditions. Recently, I got arrested three times for apologizing to them yet again. I have been bailed to my family's home since last summer and I hate their house. The court keep deferring the end result in court, to test my mood and the company are taken nothing to do with what they did to spark this off.On top of that, the head of the company tricked me into giving up my tenancy in March. She saw me in her office and said I had major rent arrears. So she asked me to sign a white plain bit of paper with nothing on it. So I did, after she said the rent was very high. After this, I called the benefits place and it turned out it had already been paid, as the City of Edinburgh Council paid my rent. My own lawyer also lied to me once and claimed he sent the head of the agency a letter when he never. The court also gave me a 5 years non harassment order, which now rules out making amends with them or writing to them on Facebook, or in emails.So um, what the hell just happened to me?