feel helpless please someone read his and tell me what it is i need or should do At the minute I having hard time as I'm suffering from depression, so I think and docs have told me. I Bury into sobbing tears then I feel low then later I'm fine chatting to people I wouldn't normally want to talk tolike mums at the school gate. some mornings I don't want to get up clean up, next time I bounce out of bed and tackle the world. I'm so unbalanced always have been but now it's starting to effect people close to me and I have no answer for them or myself . I kno my head right now is not I right it can't be I dot feel normal like other people I'm a 24 year old attractive female with 2 children I went to private school but all my life have never felt good enough, I always feel like people are judging me I'm very insecure yet confident at the same time it's confusing, I feel like I need my head picking apart. I've been to he docs but they just pass me from pillar to pillar about counselling and I feel the tabs they give me make me worse at the min II'm feeling not great can some one helpAt the minute I having hard time as I'm suffering from depression, so I think. I Bury into sobbing tears then I feel low then later I'm fine chatting to people I wouldn't normally want to talk tolike mums at the school gate. some mornings I don't want to get up clean up, next time I bounce out of bed and tackle the world. I'm so unbalanced always have been but now it's starting to effect people close to me and I have no answer for them or myself . I kno my head right now is not I right it can't be I dot feel normal like other people I'm a 24 year old attractive female with 2 children I went to private school but all my life have never felt good enough, I always feel like people are judging me I'm very insecure yet confident at the same time it's confusing, I feel like I need my head picking apart. I've been to he docs but they just pass me from pillar to pillar about counselling and I feel the tabs they give me make me worse at the min II'm feeling not great can some one help