My depression like many others started from bullyingwant to feel good, I DON’T KNOW HOW?my brain keeps falling back into negative thoughts, I have had depression for as long as I can remember, I think it started in primary school and has continued throughout my life. My depression like many others started from bullying.Many of the people that hurt me are completely oblivious to the fact that they are causing pain. I went through my Facebook and deleted anyone who makes me feel like a lesser version of myself. I like to call these people fair weather friends, they are the ones that are there for you when everything is fine and dandi, but as soon as something better comes along they drop you like a hot potato.If you’re not the coolest or hottest person in the room no one wants to know you. The number of times “friends” have asked me to come out and then said hi and completely ignored me for the rest of the evening is countless, and to be honest terribly disheartening. I'm kind hearted and find it easy to open my heart to new people.This is often my downfall, people take advantage of this and it makes me feel terrible. Throughout my schooling I was the target of school bullies and heartless jokes, (I know everyone says they were bullied but this was the start of my self-loathing),My weight and looks have always been a negatively addressed, fuelled by other peoples nasty comments. I feel that holding onto all the negativity is stopping me from becoming the best version of myself, these people were cruel to make themselves feel better and even though I know this it still hurts me.Some days I look in the mirror and I feel like a waste of space I let all this negativity get on top of me and it feels like I am drowning. These negative thoughts that creep into my head whilst I am trying to get to sleep at night have kept me up for nights on end, when they were happening there was tears and anger and feelings of helplessness.I’m not a confrontational person and I don’t think fast on my feet so most of the time I am left with regret of things I should have said or done, which I’m sure would have made things better at the time but them again the few times I have stuck up for myself I am left feeling negative because I have lowered myself to this level.My last hope was that maybe a strong women or man whose had to overcome many things might have an opinion on this topic and maybe just maybe could contact me, in the hope that my quest for inner happiness and release is not all in vain.