 Hello  Sertra Lina, 1 Week Ago 12Hello. Another lost soul needing an understanding/sympathetic/'humouring' (is that a word?) ear...I've been wondering for a long time if I could find a new place to chat and who knows, maybe even make the odd friend, or two...  A recent experience on another forum was the push I needed, so here I am I have just gone out and bought a bottle of Asda's own Martini (yeah I'm a class act), which is already working its magic. The addition of 4 Sertraline (hence the username) is bringing on a rather.. 'who cares' kind of feeling.. Ahh, it's rather nice. Not to be bothered what people think, to realise that those that are so mean with so little reason are really not worth worrying about, and to know that they are what I believe is now a dictionary term? - 'trolls'.What I'm really struggling to 'get' though is how people can be so mean... Even on 'da interwebs' (yes, it's kicking in now  ) where we can be anonymous.. (sorry, is that a swear-word these days? I know how fame-hungry so many are.. plastering their real names and way-too-much personal info. wherever they can...) I still can't bring myself to be openly rude to people, critical, hurtful, obnoxious! (which I have recently been called - and yes, it is most definitely unjustified imo! )Okay, sod it... I'm going to tell you what and where it was... I have loads more to say, and could realllllly do with a chat, but I'll leave it here for now, since well... if you feel like the responders to that post, there's no point me sticking around... I'll put it in my profile somewhere if I can.. as I'm a bit paranoid, as well as all my other.. 'issues'.........My lovely eldest boy thinks they're very unreasonable, and wants to sign up to reply. Youngest keeps suggesting things I should post (not very well thought out, usually ending in 'loser' and actually, rather funny ). Eldest wants to play an online game with me soon, and my other little sweetie just said the most adorable thing.. So, whilst OH has gone off to 'play out with his friends' (makes me feel a little better to put it like that  ) and whizz around on his recently acquired motorbike, together with matching, also-recently-acquired gear, instead of spending the day with his son on his birthday, we will occupy ourselves in fantasy-land. A far better place to be as far as I'm concerned!So truly sorry for rambling on in this way. An embarassing introduction indeed I'm sure I will think later, but hey, maybe one or two people will make me feel a little better, and instead of reading a fresh addition to the thread with a fresh flood of tears at feeling unjustly judged and treated as if I had done far worse then dared to 'vent' (on a '... vent...' board too!) I will smile, then beam to have finally found a new home; one that hasn't 'outgrown itself' as I have often thought of that other one...To those that have listened. Thank you so much.BTW: It occurs to me that I should at least mention some reason for choosing this forum, other than just a vague, random, need for someone/somewhere to ramble on... I've had a couple of stretches off work over the last 14 years due to stress/depression. I was feeling a little better recently, but we had to survive on my (very!) part-time wage for several months recently due to OH having an illness... (then all his mid-life-crisis, family-ignoring, bike nonsense - eldest missed a school trip a bit before all that, because we couldn't afford it............  ), and well......... circumstances, combined with my 'genetic disposition', have resulted in........ well, let's just say, I could have used the username 'Captain/Lady Chaos' or similar........Thank you............................. I hope............Crikey......... preview shows that this is very long..... (though I could easily do MUCH longer!) ....... don't know whether to post it.......