ÊOften Feeling Low Êforevveru,Ê1 Week AgoHello everyone, this is my first time trying out a forum. I'm just really feeling the need to start talking to people that could maybe understand and I don't really feel like I can do that with those in my life. So I sought to try a forum and found this one. I've struggled with depression pretty much my whole life or at least since right before I hit my teens. (Only in my early twenties now.)To be honest I can't really pinpoint exactly what makes me depressed, I just get that way. I feel like my dad is the source of my issues, or at least was the start of it since I have no contact with him anymore. He was a drunk and mentally/emotionally abusive. I don't really like to think about that time much so I mostly try to block it out. I wish I could say things are so much better now that my mom has left him. I mean I have a job, a boyfriend (my first relationship), and I make enough to pay my sinking debt so it seems like I should be a little happier?I'm a rather introverted person and I hate it. I wish I could talk to people easier, make friends, go out and have fun, but I'd rather stay home and watch tv/be on the internet. I did grow comfortable with some of my co-workers (and I guess it helps my mom and boyfriend work there) to where I can talk and be loud but.. for some reason I just haven't felt very social for awhile now. Sometimes I'll have days where I'll be a little loud and talkative but most times I just feel like keeping to myself. The job, while somewhat easy, can be rather stressful because of a small handful of people. The place I work is rather small, no more than like 15 employee's counting the supervisors/boss so with it being that small it means dealing with those two/three idiots/stupid people a lot more often.Aside from my job I'm really depressed about my relationship. It's not actually about my boyfriend since he's usually really nice/considerate (except he can be kinda mean when he's angry) but it's the.. sexual aspect. (He's my first/only one.) I always fantasized about sex growing up and never in my wildest dreams did I imagine that I'd have so many problems.. I don't want to be gross and go too in detail but I'll just say that it's almost always painful and and I always get a specific uncomfortable feeling. These issues just makes me feel like God doesn't love me or something and it makes me feel like I'll never find a way to get over them so that I can actually enjoy sex. On top of that we have issues because of the way I am. I'm super sensitive and get upset really easy which has been wearing on his patience so sometimes we kind of argue a lot. And then the arguing causes me to feel worse and get depressed.On top of that I don't think I'll re-qualify for medicaid so that I can keep going to a gyno for birth control and see about help for my problems. That makes me really stressed and down to think I probably can't go there anymore, go to a dentist, or anything else. While money isn't a really bad problem, I just have too much debit to pay down. Three credit cards, a car payment, and car insurance, on top of money for food leave me little money to afford medical things.I just often feel low. There's brief times I'm happy or content but they don't seem to last long. I'm just so tired of feeling sad and I'm tired of crying. I just want to actually be able to enjoy life more, or at least not feel like I do most of the time.Sorry for the rambling. I'll end here for now. I'm just hoping this will be a good place to come when I'm feeling really low.