  Is anyone else angry?  Esther8, 14  I have accidentally run out of medication for depression because it was such a task to get another prescription because i wasn't registered at the right doctors and didn't have all of the right documents and the secretaries were frightening and i couldn't seem to face going back to sort it out to the right deadline, and when i went to a walk in centre they gave me a prescription but it was for the wrong drug because they weren't really listening to what i was saying, so now i am having all kinds of crazy withdrawal symptoms. Of course I know i need to sort this all out, so I'm not here to ask anyone what I should do, because honestly it just annoys me anyway when people tell me what to do as if i was some kind of total idiot. What I was thinking of talking about was the fact that right now I feel so amazingly lonely, and i know it is all my own fault for being unable to be a decent human being, i just wondered if other people had done this to themselves also. Because my depression seems to no longer be focussed just on myself being totally useless and awful, but now i see other people as horrible too. I don't even think it's just my depression making me think that, or if it's just my depression making it harder to deal with. I am just bitter and twisted and insecure and needy and angry and just about the most unpleasant person you could imagine. I have no friends because i drove them away by insulting them. i felt so scared that they hated me for being able to see how repulsive i am that i made my fear a reality because i hate myself. I can't explain it. I'm not really expecting anyone to read this. I am full of hatred and rage against people and i make them miserable. I have never EVER been violent, i just get so angry and say the worst things to people. It must hurt them, it hurts me to act like this. I hate myself for saying that because it is attention seeking and pathetic and self pitying, when i alone am to blame for everything, so i shouldnt try and think up excuses, i should just be punished. When I feel lonely i fixate on the past and how much happier i was at times, and it makes me so angry that the people i care for could have turned their backs on me that i get angry again and send them messages saying that i wish they were as miserable as i was and it is all their fault that i want to die. Obviously they dont reply and then i just hate them and myself even more. This has been going on for years. It took a long time to build up to it, but now i have lost myself and can't remember how to be nice, or make friends or trust other people or myself. I know how awful i am. I know. But i can't stop because i swear to god i get so upset i can't stop myself. does anyone else do or say horrible things like that when they are desperate which they hate themselves for? Does anyone know what i mean? like you can't stop yourself doing something horrible, and you are doing it to hurt yourself as much as anyone else, but you know that other people will only be pushed further away because you've hurt them, and it is all your fault but you can't stop it either because you can't cope with how horrible everything feels all the time and it is just like it all boils over and it is the worse kind of self destruction you can imagine. Or it is the worst kind i can think of. Don't tell me anything worse or i might do that. I wish i had a friend who i could talk to about this, i don't want therapy because i know that some idiot with no friends does not deserve to waste anyone's time, the medication works for me anyway when i can arrange a prescription. I feel like i dont deserve friends though as i'm worried i will always ruin things and be horrible to people. does anyone ever feel remotely like this?