Venlafaxine - coming off them, "cold turkey" or otherwise? Hello Everyone,I've  just found this site - for the same reasons as yourselves - of course - am in the midst of withdrawals from venlafaxine. Have been on 150mg "Effexor" for over 10 years, even some of the transitions to get the meds "right" in the first place were awful or having to change same meds different brand of the generic venlafaxine.Day 3 Cold Turkey. Have tried this before a few years back and resigned to having to return to the meds after a couple of weeks, due to the withdrawal symptoms/or not being on them - who even really know which is which. I would love to hear from any of you - what happened next?Doctors will never agree, suggest, god forbid advise anyone should "cold turkey" off this drug, they have been told to advise weening/tapering but frankly, they mostly do not know!!!!! The only people who really know are those who have taken the drug and then come off it! My reasons to come of venlafaxine are probably like those of anyone else:- always thought it was a temporary solution - 10-12 years have gone by - "temporary" has now turned into complete dependence- my disdain for pharmaceutical industry and its exploitation- there must be another solution - natural, clean, non-synthetic - the finacial burden involved- the unatural tolls the drug itslef must be having on my body- do I really want to take this drug until I die?- an underlying fear factor of what if I'm forced to come off/can't get the drug- the obvious dependency and addiction that is  surely worse than anything illegalAs I cope with all of the described withdrawal symptoms her on this great site,I also stuggle with the fear that even once these should subside - what about the original reason for their prescription in the first place - mine was "depression" I've lived in various countries during these 10-12 years on venlafaxine.First prescribed in California, to me, they were pretty much handed out "like candy" lol. In Hong Kong, I could purchase them from the chemist - no questions, no presecription! In Middle East - the prescription had to come from a psychiatrist, MD wouldn't do - and if the pharmacy only had say 75mg -it meant another visit back to psychiatrist 2  x 75 mg boxes = 150mg were not permitted!!! Now in UK/Ireland, on extended stay, it gets increasingly difficult to obtain prescription without feeling somewhat interrogated, as I don't have a permanent address here.PLEASE let me know, anybody....your experience afterwards. Successful? Or not ? Thanking you all for the discussions on here - they have been really helpful to me and Thank you in advance for any further help!!!! XOXOXO 