Why Is Life So Unfair For Me   progress , 05 May 2015I don't know if I can take it anymore. I've been struggeling my entire life against everything.And this last year was going good after putting MAYOR effort in it. I even was getting used to becoming normal. But now my skin issues are very severe, after taking a medicine to treat severe malnourishment because I spended 8 years of my youth in the streets cause my parents are abusive.I don't even recognise myself anymore, not even a bit. It's scarey and I think I look like a freak. Atm I just wanna cry and laugh maniacally at the same time, cause it's almost to obivious to me I couldn't win. Something just had to push me back. I recovered from PTSD and HPPD, now i'm still recovering from borderline.I've been to through much.And it all seems for nothing. ffs why I cant I live a normal life?? Who in this universe keeps messing with me, serious i've nothing done wrong. Funny that I was born with a golden and soft, senstive hearth(reason why I've also have this many mental problems, I'm not made for all this BS). Yeah I'm not a angel anymore, but who can blame me after all the stuff people have done to me. And even after all of this, my only intention is to find someon to love and to be loved. Cause I never had that, and I did  not became to be a sadist or anything of that.Does it seems I've self-pithy? Yeah I do, it shouldn't end like this for people like me. Was it all for nothing? I used to believe for people like there is a happy ending. There's only fighting and struggeling for me, but I'm empty of fighting energy; I truelly am.  If I commit sucide now, it's ok. It's actually complety logical after having lived a life like this. I'm defiantely not going to life it longer, I must be crazy if I do.It's really a natural result after this ammount of BS. Well that's my vent, thanks for reading.Now I'm going to cry the entire night, and plan how I will kill myself this summer. And think about the true love who just loved me who I truelly was, but how I left her cause of my borderline.Can't Take It Anymore   progress , 27 Apr 2015I've always had a really hard life. I lost contact with my parents(happy with that), no family, spended my youth on the streets, recovered from PTSD, recoverd from HPPD, still recovering from borderline and BDD and I got severe skin problems.I met the love of my life a fews year ago, but lost her again because the relationship was to healthy because my borderline was out of control at that time.From that day on, my whole live revolves to find someon like her again. I wanted to be someon to be compatible to marry a girl who was raised with a silver spoon.I'm a student, and I've to pay 150-200 euro myself on sups/meds for my skin issues.But because I suffered from severe malnutrition in my youth, you could say I had allot of things undeveloped. My doctor prescriped me a medicine to reverse that, and it did worked. I don't feel like a 16 year old trapped in a 25 old body anymore.But my skin issues also became worse of this medicine, even now im off that medicine the increases skin issues are still here. And trust me they're bad. There's no way I can pay more for products from my dermatologist. And I can't phantom to wait 4 years until my study finish either, to walk arround like a freak for 4 years.God I'm so tired of suffering, so ****** tired. Why had this to happen again to me? I'm thinking to end all of it this summer, I just don't have the energy anymore. I just want to be cared about and to be loved, and give that back. I seriously never experncied that in my life.. :( So tired, and so broken.