My last cycle was a pain. **TRIGGERS**Started by Vampire?, 27-04-15 11:34 AMHey All.It's been a while, been trying to make sense of things, I thought I would share what went though the last few weeks.At the worst, my last major depressive down, lasted just over 3 weeks, I didn’t even know I was going through one, that’s the worst part, I could feel something was not right, on one of the Fridays it was sunny I looked out of my window and I remember saying to myself “why do I feel so sad when it’s so sunny outside”, it just didn’t make any sense.I didn’t want to eat, I didn’t want to do anything, I hadn’t taken a bath for 2 or so weeks, I felt like crap, it was like my whole world was closing in, I went to my sisters, I just felt so withdrawn, I didn’t want to speak or interact with anyone.My mind was really beating on me, I could see all flashes of past memories, the more I thought it the more it hurt, I was so afraid I wasn’t going to make it through, there is a period of numbness, where I’m not happy or sad, just totally unplugged from the world, at those times, it’s like I can feel anything, that seems to occur when I just play games to distract myself from it all, when I can’t concentrate that’s when I get most destructive, it’s never to hurt anyone around me, but to beat myself up.It was hurting really badly, I just wanted it to stop, I even contemplated to cut my arm, but I realised it probably wouldn’t do anything, since I had a toothache; the pain from the tooth wasn’t enough to distract me from it.I felt tired, I just wanted to sleep, I wanted to cry, I thought I was dying or something was really wrong me.I was locked in a phase which I didn’t know of, like was not aware of what was happening, it wasn’t until the almost the 3rd week I realised what was going on, when I figured out it was just a phase, I knew then the storm will be over soon, the following Saturday I began to feel a little better, it was still in-between, I could feel myself sliding from been depressed and not been depressed. While again when I was depressed, I had fleeting thoughts, some was very frightening, the paranoia was really strong, it was like the world was against me, I thought people or things was spying on me, overall it wasn’t a nice experience. I was seeing things which weren’t there. It’s like my whole freaking world folded on top of its self.But when I realised what was happening I knew the high was going to come, just had to ride it out, and when it did arrive it felt good, the last few weeks had been hell, I didn’t want to do anything, now I felt totally the opposite, I felt I had energy again, I wanted to go out, I wanted to go take pictures, I wanted to go to places which 2 weeks ago I would have dared not to go.When I was in my depressive phase I couldn’t have wrote all this, I didn’t want to do anything, but here I am now writing this, yesterday I made a logo for someone, I love making things, especially with Photoshop but I have noticed after a low, when the high comes, I get very creative, I can really write a lot more, my thoughts are really different, it feels like I am alive once again, it feels so awesome, but then in my heart I know there is another storm coming, when I don’t know, maybe if I build a boat out of steel instead of a simple raft, I can make it though the next one a little easier.