 depression and goddoes god enjoy seeing people surferis this a joke for him..something that amuses him??i am doing all in my power to generate inner peace of mindbut its uselessi live hell every daythose who have followed my thread know my problem and history so i won't bother explaining it again..i don't feel like it anywayif people..not even family can understand what if really means to be depressed that i expect from a higher being such as god to understand and have compassion/mercy on his creation why am i to do when i discover that not even god cares why should i continue to live this daily hell cycle??too much pain..what to do?another devastating morning panic attackand what goes in my mind is..should i quite my current job, its too much psychical work for me..i didn't sign up for this..but if i quite..what will i think of myself and what other people and family members will think of mei never was a good father or husband or son to start with..i failed a lot in my life..this is a new job for me..i moved away from everything and everyone to clear my mind and start over..but the new job is too much..i have to lift boxes all day..i am not built for that..its too much for memy father tells to come back..start a local business together, he is sick he says..no one to look after him but he has my sister by his side..is he lying to me? I've never felt that he needed me before..or maybe he does?my son from my divorced wife is coming this summer to the place i left..should i go back or stay and endure? what kind of father will i be to himi just don't knowanyone help me figure things out?





started meditating today!i suffer from a major depression that is borderline suicidal..but today..at the peak of a sudden anxiety attack this afternoon..i decided to try and meditate for the first time in my life usingthis youtube channel and it really..really calmed me down..i only tried day one but by the time i was finished with it..my inner world was relatively peacefuli will retry this again before i go to sleep and do that again in the morning then try to make a habit of meditating twice a day and see if that eliminates my devastating morning panic attacks where everything else failedi encourage everyone to try this out because the experience was quite pleasant and for anyone who has more useful links like this..please share!now what?so i discovered that the reason for my past 17 years of severe depression was porn addictionbut..its too latei am already divorced twice with a boy from the first marriage..the second divorce wasn't too long ago..i screwed up every work/education opportunity i was given..and i currently work a lousy low pay job that i don't likei lost 17 hears of my life destroying my life and the life of people around meok..sowhat good does it do if i realized the cause too late?if you where me..what would you do? how would you move on with your life? whats the point of moving on????????what is left for me to do? is this god's way of giving me the finger?