Trouble with sleeping.Started by nicole24?, 07-02-15 07:30 PMI have some serious problems with sleeping due to my anxiety and panic disorder, I can never switch of no matter how hard I try. Usually get about 2-3 hours a night, more if I am lucky. I have been researching all different techniques and have tried them all out, some didn't work but some worked well. I thought I would share the different techniques and it may be able to help some of you who are struggling.- This one is a yoga method and is thought to reduce blood pressure and calm you. Lay on your left side, put you finger on your right nostril to close it and start slowly breathing deeply through your left nostril. This is also good when overheating or menopausal hot flushes are preventing sleep.- This is a squeeze and relax method Lying on your back, take a deep, slow breath in through your nose and, at the same time, squeeze your toes tightly as if you are trying to curl them under your foot, then release the squeeze. On another slow breath, curl your foot up toward your knee, then release. Breath again, contract your calf muscles, then your thighs, buttocks, belly, chest, arms, and so on until you have moved all the way up your body, squeezing and releasing the muscles one by one.- Challenge yourself to stay awakeKeep your eyes wide open, repeat to yourself ‘I will not sleep’. The brain doesn’t process negatives well, so interprets this as an instruction to sleep and eye muscles tire quickly as sleep creeps up.- Rolling your eyesclosing your eyes and rolling the balls up three times can do the job. It simulates what you do naturally when you fall asleep and may help trigger the release of your sleepy hormone, melatonin.- There are special points in the body which promote sleep when pressed gently but firmly. Dr Put your thumb on the point between your eyebrows at the top of your nose, where there’s a slight indent. Hold for 20 seconds, release briefly and repeat twice more.I really hope some of these help... 