Hitting really hard groundHi all. Like many others I've suffered depression for as long as I can recall. Back as far as 3 or 4 years old I realised after attending an in patient program for 3 weeks where I learnt about shame based development. First major anxiety attack at 17 in 1987 frightened the life out of me and have continued intermittently over the years.  To add to this I had a unfortunate sexual experience with a member of extended family around 6yrs old  which has played which has played havoc with my sexuality since falling into a nervous breakdown due to some drastic activity by my wife around club funds in which our family were members  of. Social fallout, major stressors on myself, immediate and surrounding family also the collapse of a major part of my business due to me being affected by rapidly worsening depression and a huge tax dept via my wife misappropriating my BAS payments created the spiral. On that as mentioned above, I experienced uncomfortable feelings re- unwanted same sex thoughts. These were not an issue or regular pre becoming unstable, therefore never needed acting on. I have been married for 12 years and been happy with heterosexual intimacy. However since the intrusive and ruminating thoughts accelerated around my breakdown and in recovery it feels as though my mind is split, rupturing my pre breakdown confidence and being thrown in disarray when the depressive effects are overrunning my ability to deal with life in general. Things such as financial, family and marital issues have become extremely stressful and confusing resulting in suicidal thoughts at times. But, I have periods where I gain strength and clarity amongst the manic episodes where by things aren't obsessively ruling me and I am able to moderate and contend with the irrational guilt & fallout of the whole experience. I have been suspect of Bipolar or BPD due to struggles over the years in consultation with practitioners, but right now really need aid in getting out of the dangerous level of depression. Meeting with Physiatrist this Thursday to consider med change or more.  First post so sorry if not appropriate in any way. Just needed to take some pressure off my current support network.Shakey TimesFinding it hard to even say the problems I am battling let alone fighting to get through them. Had a recent medication change which has been a ride to hell. Striving to stay hopeful that the new meds should ease on the negative effects and turn to aid me in recovery from major depression. Its very difficult to recover when things you are trying to get over are still impacting to such a point that it feels the mind just isn't able to get enough traction to set up for recovery. One week or so down on new medication, hopefully the effects will turn positive sooner than later. Having to medicate way more than I wish to on stabilising meds.Best Wishes to all who are also suffering.