ÊIsolation after loss Êat8989,Ê1 Week AgoHello,I don't entirely know where to start but I'll put down as much a I can think of what I'm thinking and go from there.I lost my Dad about 8 months ago in an accident, it was pretty much a there one day gone the next and because the death was sudden there wasn't any time to say any last words it was pretty much spending time with essentially a dead body until the general hospital "processes" had to be dealt with and then of course everything else that comes with a sudden death, such as the legal aspects and dealing with the next-of-kin dutiesNow some time has passed and the processes have gone away and been dealt with I feel left with this massive void, I'm only in my mid 20s and feel that I will now miss out on so many of the experiences you are meant to have with your Dad / Parents - I'm estranged from my Mum after she walked out over 10 years ago and don't really want to re-kindle that relationship despite what has happened.Our family is close, to a point, but I am feeling really isolated from them, is it wrong to say feeling that I am a burden now? Perhaps ignored? In the years prior to all this happening I wasn't entirely happy with myself, self esteem in the toilet pretty much and this has just made things worse. I've moved (still locally), changed jobs (for the better) but somehow still feel really isolated and lonely. My Dad was pretty much my hero, for want of a better word, we would talk daily about just general junk and now I am not sure if anyone wants to take on this "burden" - not even sure if that is the right word. But I go through the motions with the other family members, understanding that for years I've not made the effort and something like this has made me want to value time with them - I don't have many friends either maybe 3 at most but even with the family texts and phone calls can go ignored which makes me feel worse - I do fear I'm slipping into depression and not sure if it is right to tell them what ignoring me, especially now having the silence of not being able to speak to my Dad is doing to me.Apologies for the rant but needed to get this off my chest, hopefully someone can help shed some tips who may have unfortunately gone through a similar experience.Thank you.