Unable To Forget The Past And Feeling Like I've Failed   braveheart67 , 03 May 2015I'm 37 single and suffering from depression. A major source of my depression is a feeling that I've failed and keep going over the past where I imagine happier times. I feel I've failed because I'm not settled at 37 - I feel inadequate because of this. I'm trying to go over CBT techniques but at the moment my brain just seems fried and feeling like whats the point! All I can see around me is others and the apparent lives that they have - ie being settled and content, whereas my life feels empty, isolated and no hope for the future.  My social circle is not at all what I want it to be and my personal life just feels like I keep going round in a vicious circle. I've suffered from depression for 5 years now and tried various things but never quite stick at it long enough. I know I need motivation but feels so hard when down. Any suggestions most welcome....Advice Please - Help With My Depression   braveheart67 , 30 Apr 2015Reason I think for my depression: Social isolation, not settled and in a long term relationship, low self-esteem/confidence, view myself extremely harshly. My history of depression started 4 years ago. I had been living in a different country (Wales - I'm from Scotland) and had recently switched over to a new part of the factory from where I had worked before. My depression had started a month before moving over to the new part of the factory. After living in Wales for 7 mostly happy years I suddenly found myself more and more isolated and alone. I wasn't in a long term relationship, which I desperately wanted to be and felt isolated and on my own a lot. All I could see was how others had more of a life than me and how somehow I was different I went to my GP and was initially put on Prozac which was awful; I endured 3 months of hell before finally I was put on Venlafaxine 75mg and it kicked in and I was able to function again. During these 3 months as I say I had moved over to a new part of the factory and had to cope with integrating with new people. This didn't go well initially until the meds kicked in. I felt alone, weak and unable to cope - I felt that everyone was better than me and that I was somehow less worthy than them. Anything that was said to me I took to heart and was like a knife into my heart - I was ultra sensitive to any kind of banter or slagging and felt like my life was crumbling apart. I felt different and felt that people were deliberately trying to put me down and ridicule me. I feared the next thing that could/would be said and was fearful of breaking down in front of people at any moment. I lost a stone in weight, my appetite was gone and any enjoyment from life was gone - I was an empty shell. I somehow managed to get through those few months, it was a living hell and I never ever wanted to experience that pain again. When the 75mg venlafaxine kicked in I was finally able to relax a bit and I thought this drug was the answer I had been looking for. I had also been to see a CBT therapist - with limited success - I'm sure it was the meds that helped me the most - I guess I had a hard time trying to believe the alternative thoughts and believing in myself - perhaps I didn't give it a proper go.  I moved back to Scotland in 2012 and commuted back and forth to Wales (I do shift work so its doable) - it was a good move as I just didn't see myself wanting to settle anywhere else. 3 years later I was still on venlafaxine - I've fleeted with decreasing and increasing the dosage throughout those years as my mood has went up/down. In September 2014 I had a major relapse - the thing is it sounds like a trivial thing and it is if I rationally think of it - I was getting teased in work and started taking things to heart again. Normally I would be well up for banter/slagging but in this case I wasn't and felt like I was continually on my guard and at any point any one thing that was said to me could be interpreted as a personal attack. I felt awful going into work - sure that I could break down at any point! This was the worst relapse I had since 3 years ago and it scared me to death because I know how difficult it was to climb out of the dark depression I was in before - I felt like I was going back to those days and felt tearful, not eating properly, and feeling on edge and felt at any point like I could breakdown. I had a particularly hard apprenticeship many years ago where I was pretty much bullied which is why I feel over sensitive perhaps to banter/slagging. I feel weak for being unable to manage it better when I was younger. Funny thing is when I'm ok, I'm well able for it.  I had increased my meds to 150 mg after visiting my GP and took the week off work. Which in itself caused me to feel guilty as I felt like I was letting others down, I guess I needed to realise I was not well and needed to rest and get better. I joined a support group which ran for 8 weeks and then went to get 6 sessions with a therapist. This helped a bit and felt a little more normal. My long term goal was to settle down and find work in Scotland, something I finally achieved in December 2014. I started a new job – although it wasn’t a good job – it involved shift work and working in a fish factory – didn’t get a lot of job satisfaction so have decided to move jobs again to work a Mon-Fri job which I’ll be starting next month – at the moment I’ve not being doing so good. 4 weeks ago I upped meds to 150 mg of Venlafaxine – however feel like it hasn’t made any difference. I’ve went to the doctor and they’ve prescribed sertraline 50 mg to try. I’ve been reading side effects and this has caused me to imagine all sorts of things happening. 2 of my biggest concerns are sexual side effects and inability to drink while on AD’s. Sexual side effects because I’m looking for a partner and drink because I still want to be able to socialise. It feels like I’m going round in circles with the depression! With venlafaxine the sexual side effects are worse at 150 than 75 mg. I feel like I’ve had my chance at happiness and can’t see a future for me. Feels like at 37, my life is over and that I’ll always struggle with this horrible illness. I want to help myself but continually feel lethargic and like what’s the point? Why is life easy for others but not for me? I feel like I’ve let myself down and that my current situation is a result of me as a person, not taking chances at happiness, letting others get to you or put you down. I can’t help looking back at times when I was happier and feeling like I’ve had my chance. I guess I'm just looking for advice/support from others - I'm my own worst critic and berate myself for not coping better with this........