overwhelmed by lifeHi, this is my first post here. It is 3 am,  & I can't sleep.Life is pretty darn hard at the moment.I am on the recovery side of extreme workplace bullying. An entire team of managers at work were bullied to breaking point. Following a period of investigation that lasted 5 months, the CEO (bully) was given the opportunity to resign- which she did. She left a parting shot email telling me I cry too much, & people don't respect me as a nurse.Through this process I have developed depression and anxiety. I have severe insommnia. I fall asleep ok, but as soon as i wake up i have work shit and rambling thoughts going on. I have gained 15 kg in a year, & lived on 2 minute noodles and popcorn. I thought once the bully was gone things would improve - & they have, but not to the extent I had hoped.Each time I experience a stressor, I have these horrific visualisations. They can be relatively minor stresses that trigger these thoughts, and can happen anywhere - work, supermarket, while I'm on a walk. This started during the bullying process, but hasn't gone away.I live in a very isolated rural town. Bully lives here still- she moved house and now lives around the corner from me. She drives a very distinctive car, if i see it on the street, i feel very overwhelmed. Recently i was in New Zealand & saw the same make and model car. I freaked out, & had to do some serious self talk to calm down.There is not much opportunity for good mental health support here.My partner says she understands,  but when she asks how I'm feeling, & I am honest with her she tells me to stop talking - I know this is because it upsets her.I can't seem to make decisions, relationship is suffering greatly, sex is non existent,  everything is just too hard. Sometimes I sit in my car and wonder if I would have the courage to just drive & keep going. I don't know where I would go, or how I would survive, & that unknown is probably the only thing that keeps me from going.I got back to work yesterday after holidays, & the first conversation I had with the acting CEO essentially centred around how much better things had been while I was away. I am being performance managed now because of that. I am at a total loss on what to do to keep going.I have a friend who tells me I need to sit in this pain and reflect on it to understand. The thought of doing that makes me physically sick - I don't think I can bear the rawness of itNeed some advice and helpHi all, sorry for the long post but just after some advice on what I should do. I haven't been feeling too good, feels like I'm going crazy, an emotional roller coaster in my head everyday. Last year my local GP sent me to see someone after I told her I have been drinking a lot recently. The shrink pinned my condition down to anxiety. Which I think is incorrect. I have a history of minor substance abuse (marijuana 1-2 days a week & prescription pills everyday) I stopped the Marijuana 6 years ago when my son was born, but the prescription pills I kept taking up until 1 month ago.  I know what happens when you stop  your body feel like crap for a few weeks then you get better. Well my body has felt better but my mind has not. I'm an absolute wreck.    I have 2 kids and a wife which I love and I work 5 days a week 9-5.30. My work is terrible. I dread waking up and going there, I often think this is the cause of me feeling terrible. When I take a day off I feel like I'm on top of the world and I feel happy and normal again, but having a family I can not just pack up and leave my job. I need to provide for my kids. I feel trapped and stuck in this daily grind. I have worked since I was 15, I am 33 now.I have done a bit of research on what depression is and what the symptoms are and I have experienced mainly all of it, bar the suicidal thoughts and not being able to get out of bed. I love going out and doing family things but come Sunday night I become a monster again knowing I have to go back to the daily grind the next day. 2015 has been the worst year of my life so far, even though I have a loving family and get to do all the activities I love such as playing golf, fishing & go karts I still feel like crap and unhappy. We recently had family over from overseas for 3 months in 2014 I never felt this good in a long time. Going places, doing things every day but now that's over and they have left us I feel empty again.I am thinking about going back to another GP but I don't want to go talk to a shrink again and I'm afraid I will get hooked on the prescription drugs they give me. Just need some advice and thank you for reading my post.