 i think my marriage is over *possilbe triggers**Started by Jackiek?, 25-04-15 11:36 AMThings have not been good for such a long time now. With both of us having to deal with loss of a parent and other issues that have been long on going, including my depression, but I always thought we loved each other enough to pull through it. But now it seems something so stupid and simple is the final straw.My husband constantly puts other people before me and even worse the kids.. When they ask him to do something with them, he is always too tired he says. But as soon as someone else asks him for something, he is willing and able to do it. His friend, who is a lot younger than us and single, comes round almost every night and every weekend, which means we have no time together, to just sit and chat, or even just watch tv..My garden needed doing,and as I am not very well as the moment, I asked him to do some of the hard work for me. Instead he went up his mates house, did all their garden and was too late to come back to do mine. Now he is trying to get his bike back on the road and all he wants to do is go up to his mates garage and mess around, but again he has no time for me or the kids. My daughter hates him  She says he doesn't love her, because if he did he would spend time with her. I try to tell her time and time again, he loves her, but I can't excuse the fact he has no time for her. I am sick of trying to cover up for him. My son, never bothers anymore. I have tried talking to him, I have cried, begged,shouted at him to change, to just make time for us and he promises, but he never changes and it hurts me and I know it hurts the kids. Leaving is not an option right now, although I am looking at what I might do in the near future, but I am struggling badly with my depression and have been having thoughts of self harming again. But when I told him,all I got was "oh how am I supposed to do what I have to do worrying about you. it is always about how it will affect him,nothing about how I am trying to cope. I know living with me isn't easy. Depression aside I am trying to come to terms with the loss of my mom and the decreasing health of my dad. I have told him, if he wants to separate then fine, we will do that. anything is better than feeling so alone all the time. Today is a typical example. He says to my daughter he can't take her to her mates house, has he has lots to do. What he means is he ahs to finish the garden for his friend, then clean his bike then take it to the MOT place. All of which HAS to be done before he can even think of time for us . Today, he took the kids with him to get some slabs (for his friend of course) and then dropped my son back off home. I watched him in the car with his mate in the passenger seat and all I could feel was jealousy  I am jealous of a 23 year old lad, how pathetic is that? So I am here again, on my own. In pain and not able to do too much and he is off up there again. Doing his own thing. I know I could kick up a fuss and make his mate stay away. But to me, he has to WANT to spend time with us. If I have to force it, what is the point? Sorry for going on so much, but I am really feeling ill today and just needed to get it off my chestBack againStarted by Jackiek?, 23-01-15 03:16 PMBeen a while since I posted, but I feel I need to get this out. My child is being bullied by another lad at school.This has been going on for years, they have been punched and kicked, threatened. Once they were pinned to the fence because they "looked" at this other boy. Today we were leaving school and my child was running past through the crowd, I was aware of where this lad was, and was making sure that my child went no where near him. As they ran past, I saw this lad shout at him and tell him don't bloody shove me or else. As I walked past, all I said to this child was, it wasn't my child that pushed you, I was watching and that was that. I decided to go into the school and let the dep head know what had happened, as this kind of thing has been a catalyst for this lady hurting my kid again. I also told her what i said and that I was concernred this lad would make it more. As we were coming out, he and his parent were coming in as well. I have had a run in before with the mother when i was accused of something i never did and i stood my grouhd, but now i am having a panic attack thinking of what might happen as she can be aggresive and vile. I don't think what I said to the lad was wrong, I would have said it to any kid who was being aggresive towards my child. But I know come mondy she will be there ready to have a go. I was bullied at school, chased and hit and I feel like I am back there again. I know I probably should not have said anything to him, but I never thought i jsut said it. I am so damn angry at myself that I am scared. I tell my kids to stand up for themselves and hereI am a grown woman scared of what is going to happen. I am just pathetic and I have had enough.I ma trying to cope with the death of my mom, I had to arrange and deal with everything once she had gone, still am.my dad is ill and my brothers are useless, they don't help at all. my one brother even steals of my dad and now this, on top of it all. i am a grown woman feeling like a 12 year old again.did i really do something so wrong telling this kid it wasn't my childIs this part of depression, or am I just stupid?Started by Jackiek?, 03-02-15 06:27 PMWhy am i getting worked up over a family that are a hateful bunch ? The father has threatened to hit my son, after our kids fell out. His son is always shouting nasty things at my kids and when they retailate, it is all my kids fault. They once banned my daughter from going to a party there, as she was "too scruffy" and the father spent months tyring to get me to go out with him, despite the fact he is married as well as me. I have text messages he sent asking to meet up, he even tried to send me a photo of himself in the bath  He thinks because he used to be a part time PSCO that he can make trouble for us,which he has threatened to do. He called the police on my son, for being on the garage roofs, when his own kids was on their too, but only reported my son. They are a horrible family and the girl has no friends left around here, which makes her angry at mine, because they all hang about together. I don't want anything to do with them or my kids to.But why the heck does it bother me? Why does it worry me when their son called my daughter a p**** today. Even his mate told him to pack it in. Surely I should be able to let it roll of my back. I mean kids are horrible to each other and parents soemtimes. Am I just stupid or iti s my depression that is getting to me and making me find it hard to cope with even the smallest of things.I feel such an idiot for letting it get to me 