Little things make 1 big bad thingHello all.I'm a 21 year old guy currently studying in Germany. I would say up until now my life has been pretty normal but I have always suffered from low self esteem and from the age of 19 I suffered from body image problems, more specifically bulimia. I have tried to deal with the eating disorder and the low self esteem thinking to myself "well, this is the only life I have, so might as well move on and put my head up" and that worked for a little while.But recently I've just felt so empty all of the time. Despite acting happy around friends and going to parties with them, whenever I'm in my room I feel so empty and can stay in bed for hours upon hours; not in a lazy way but in a way that I just can't leave it. I do miss my home and my friends but recently I also got into an argument with my mother over my homosexuality.I came out to my dad, mother and older sister last year and they all seemed okay with it, saying they had known all along. It felt like a massive weight off my shoulders and I felt so happy. Then my mother asked me to not tell my old-fashioned grandparents because they just wouldn't understand. I felt horrible but agreed. Recently, I showed my support for gay marriage on my facebook and my mother rang me and told me now her family would see that I'm gay. I lashed out at her and told her I was proud of who I was and that I didn't need stuff like to be said to me from the woman who I thought loved me. She laughed it off, despite my almost being in tears and told me to stop being dramatic. She always does this. You see, my parents and sister are all very emotionally unavailable most of the time. It's hard to say things like "I love you" without feeling awkward. So now I'm not talking to my mother and my father or sister haven't bothered to call me either. I just feel so alone. I should also mention that while over here, my drink was spiked while I was out in a club one night and I haven’t been able to properly enjoy even spending time at parties with friends over here in constant fear of it happening again. I’m so afraid of being raped or something that it has made me decline invites to go out all of the time.Another thing is that I seem to be remembering embarrassing things that happened to me when I was a child and now becoming overwhelmingly guilty whenever I remember them. Such as, when I was like 11, my cousin who is a couple of years younger than me and a girl were talking about genitals and how weird they were. Out of complete curiosity, we agreed to flash each other. I am gay and knew back then that I was as well so there was no sexual drive behind it. We flashed for like 1 second and burst out laughing. Never mentioned it again and here I am 10+ years later, unable to sleep because of how embarrassed I feel about the situation. Is that normal? Like I feel so empty and horrible about all of these little things that I’m starting to think bad things and I know that’s not okay. I just want to be happy and confident and move on with my life and not feel so trapped.