  Share Vent   _Cida, 1 Week AgoI've been meaning to write this all week, but always came up with excuses to do it later. Since it's already the end of the week I thought I'd give it a go.It's not my intention to sound overly dramatic - it's just really this bad.I haven't been diagnosed by a psychiatrist, but it's safe to assume I suffer from depression. I've been this way for about eight years. I'm 19 years old.And honestly, I've done everything I can think of to try to get better.Whether it's getting another job, eating healthily, losing weight, investing more time in my hobbies, setting short-term goals and achieving them, keeping an organised sleep-schedule, exercise and therapy.Most the above I still practise to this day. Giving it my all to try to believe at least one of them would make a difference. But we all know how it ends. That's why most of us are here.I haven't tried taking medication, and I don't intend to.I don't think taking medication is bad or a sign of weakness. But it's just not for me.I've seen four different therapists these last four years.Weekly sessions with my current lovely therapist. Only problem is you aren't always at your lowest on Thursdays (the day we meet), nor are you at your best the rest of the time (the time we...don't meet). "What are friends for? Can't you share what you're going through with them?"After graduation, I'm still in touch with a limited amount of people, to whom there's only one or two I'm comfortable to disclose my feelings.The people I'm mostly around (from my workplace), I don't know for long enough (in my book) or don't trust enough. I get along with them just fine, but I wouldn't want to spoil the mood, anyway. And I have one more texting buddy who started avoiding the subject when I bring it up, so there's that.So, I feel horrible most of the time, and all this negativity just keeps welling up with the passage of time...while I have nobody to talk to about it.This is where my brilliant idea comes in.Whenever I'm feeling down on my luck/on the verge of stabbing my eyes out - I'll come back to this thread and whine about it nonstop so that I can feel better!I'd like this to be a place for me to vent, rather than look for a solution. I'm actually trying to find out if joining an online community of people who feel the same way is a solution, in its own way (which is the only thing I haven't tried).I think I'll mostly focus on how it feels, rather than everything around it.Don't be shy and if you feel bad, too, you're more than welcome to post how you feel here, as well. Who knows? Maybe some self-pity can turn out to be comforting - all the more so as part of a group.Nice to meet you. I'm actually pretty friendly when you get to know me better.