Stuck in my own horrible headHi there,  I am desperately hoping I can find someone who has suffered in the same way I do or can offer some advice. It’s a really hard thing to describe but I will try my best:I have a problem of constant negative and depressive thoughts. I have a great life, a good job, beautiful family and a great boyfriend, but can’t stop my conscious thoughts going around & around. They aren’t really centered around anything in particular, but I seem to have gotten into the habit of constantly being aware of my negative thoughts kind of thing. Like I can’t stop my mind thinking or searching for something negative. For instance if I am outside going for a peaceful walk I will think negatively, if I am at work I think negatively. As soon as a I find myself even coming close to enjoying myself, my mind ticks back to searching for something negative. I suppose the only real basis of my thoughts is “what is happiness, are you feeling happy right now? What is the point anyway?”. I used to love working out but now I struggle to even go to the gym because it allows too much time in my own head. I would rather be in bed reading or watch a movie because at least then I can find some escape….   It’s such a hard thing to describe and I don’t think I am doing a very good job at it, but it’s like I have lost the capability to just let my mind just drift off into a day dream, experience happiness on its own or ever just relax . I am always consciously fighting with my own mind. It’s sooo exhausting and most days I can’t wait to get to sleep so I can finally let my mind go. When I wake up I automatically welcome the negativity and fighting back in. Some days if I really let it get to me I get really really depressed and even suicide thoughts sneak in. I would never actually do that, but sometimes I think it would just be easier...  I have seen a psychologist who didn’t do much at all except tell me to practice mindfulness. I have been trying, and meditation seems to work when I am actually in the process of doing it, but as soon as I’m finished my usual racing negative thoughts begin again. It really is the most frustrating habit I have gotten myself into and I seriously have no idea how to allow myself to let it go. I have read up about how you should accept the thoughts and let them go n all that, but so far it just isn’t helping.I wish I could go back to before all these messed up thought patterns and be the happy careful girl I used to be :'(