Basic Metabolic Rate - Does it figure in your diet?Just so we're all singing from the same song book, your Basic Metabolic Rate (BMR, as if you didn't guess) is the number of calories that you would have to consume if you were in bed, not moving, like in a coma. There is a formula to calculate our individual BMR (several in fact) based on gender, age, height and present weight. The Harris Benedict formula is popular although there are several alternatives, but generally they come up with the same number.After being prescribed Rosiglitazone my weight became a real problem and after coming off the drug and my weight started to fall, I started to take diet very seriously, although I had never eaten things like chocolate, cake, biscuits, pizza etc etc I was fond of a couple of pints of an evening, so that went all together. I followed a proper regime and struggled, not because I was in the slightest bit hungry, but because it was too much. The theory is that you deduct 500 calories from your BMR, which amounts to 3500 calories a week and in theory, you should lose a pound maybe 2 pounds a week (it is said that 3500 calories is equivalent to 1 pound). It was so much that I asked the organisation who did the diet if I could go 1,000 cals less than BMR and although they weren't happy, I said that if 500 less BMR wasn't working, what was the good of me paying them anything. Even 1,000 calories less than BMR didn't work. In fact nothing worked until I cut my carb intake to about 80gms a day, less than 1,000 calories a day. Although even now I'm on a plateau, so the BMR calculation is rubbish for me.Does anyone else struggle with what is supposed to be correct dietary advice? More calorie wise than content. My theory is that although there are people that just plain overeat, there are also a large number who just don't fit into any particular category, they are not able to eat what is considered to be their BMR without gaining. My greatest fear is being taken into hospital in a coma and coming out several stones heavier because they've used the Harris Benedict formula to calculate how many calories I need.