RantApologies in advance but I need to get this off my chest.I sent my daughter down last week to collect a prescription for me, it's something she does quite often so she knows the ropes etc. Anyway I'd had a change in my prescription and the doctors had sent an additional prescription down to the chemist by email, I'm assuming email because they said it was sent electronically, I wasn't aware they could do this...not that this is at all relevant but anyway she was aware that it was a large prescription of different medications and there was one item that had been sent down separately.On arrival she gave the usual details etc and they said that they only had the one that had been sent down electronically, so she challenged them and asked them to check the fridge. They did a full on search of the chemist and reached a conclusion that it hadn't been received from the doctors. So I called the doctors who told me it had definitely been sent. Obviously by this point the chemist is now shut and although I usually allow a few days for prescriptions, on this occasion I was down to my last tablet...thank heavens it wasn't my insulin because we really would've had a problem. Playing it safe, I requested the prescription again via Patient Access which provoked a call from the doctors telling me that my request had been rejected as they had just issued a prescription for the same items I was requesting. So I contact the chemist again and ask them to look into this as I am now in a difficult situation and needing my medication. They finally come back to me at 4.30 saying that they'd found it and when was I coming to collect it. I told them that I don't work locally and would leave work there and then to come get it and they promise to wait for me. They didn't...so yet another day without my medication. Finally I managed to pick it up on Saturday morning and gave them a bit of a talking to...but really this is terrible...I feel I need to make a complaint to someone but not entirely sure who. I will certainly make sure that my doctors surgery are aware but who else should I tell? This could've been quite serious had it been insulin and I feel like I need to make my voice heard. I should also add that this is not a one off, I've had a number of run in's with the same chemist over the years, very similar situations but nothing as serious as this.One more thing while I'm on the subject...this same chemist had dextro energy tablets on the counter priced at £1.87??? I buy these a lot as I find them quite handy to keep in my bag...but I'm sure I've never paid more than 70-80p for them...am I wrong? I did also bring this up with them...seemed like a might as well given my mood at the time.