Hyperlipotrophy. Doing something about it.Hi all,I introduced myself here last year, but I haven't been involved that much since then due to some changes in my personal life.I figured I should come on here now, as something is about to happen which is significant and connected to my diabetes.Just as a refresher, I'm 41 years old, and have been Type 1 since the age of 3. On 9th Feb this year, it'll be 38 years. My 5 year old son is also Type 1.I'm 6'5", and I work out A LOT (usually twice a day). Due to my shaved head (seems Diabetes wasn't the only genetic fault!), I get told I look like 'Stone Cold Steve Austin' a lot (for your visualisation purposes - I don't think it's a compliment!)The unfortunate thing is that, despite all the muscles, 20 years of using Actrapid (a porcine derived insulin), I have a fatty 'band' around my waist (Diabetic Hyperlipotrophy). This is a constant irritation to me, and something which effects my self confidence. I'm 13% bodyfat aside from that, so I've decided to get it fixed.With an abdominoplasty!!Obviously this has been quite a big (and expensive) decision, but I figured in starting this thread anyone else in a similar position could read about my experiences.I'm in good health, have good HbA1c, and eat healthy (in the most part) as well as my frequent gym visits. I have 'background retinopathy' but nothing that has required treatment as yet. Additionally I have no other diabetes related complications.The operation will take 4 hours, and will be performed by Mr Martin Vesely, a consultant plastic surgeon at St. Georges in London. I will end up with a scar from hip-to-hip, but hopefully a flat stomach. I will eventually cover the scar with a tattoo (given the fact I'm already tattoo'd, this isn't an issue).So there you go! I know this drastic course of action isn't for everyone, but I figured some of you might be interested - I will also post some 'before, during and after' photos as time progresses!Cheers!Col.