Understanding cholesterol figures/LCHF dietJust back from my 2nd introductory appointment with the lovely diabetic nurse - feet checked, retinopathy check scheduled for a couple of weeks, and booked on DESMOND in June. So far, so good. She took bloods a couple of weeks ago for my cholesterol figures which came out as follows:Total cholesterol 4.6 (range 2.5 - 6.5, aim for below 4) HDL 1.1Total Non-hdl 3.5Total cholesterol/HDL ratio 4.2I'm fairly happy as the last time I had my cholesterol checked was last year (pre-diagnosis) and it came out as 6. So far, so good (thank you LCHF!). I was rather expecting to see triglyceride figures within the breakdown, but I'm told that this is the new way of doing the test, and they are just concerned about the total cholesterol and the ratio. Two questions for the mighty minds of the Forum:1) Is it possible to work out triglyceride figures from the stats above (or is it going to be bundled with LDL in the 3.5?)2) My understanding of the LCHF diet is that total cholesterol figures can rise - does HDL rise as well (there's a thought in the back of my head that coconut oil raises LDL, but the large fluffy kind that isn't as bad)?thanks all, GKT2: Managing dawn phenomenon with diet and exercise?Hi all,So, 1 month in post diagnosis of T2 I have been happily testing BS levels with my CodeFree monitor and gradually getting them to settle in the high 5s - low 6 range through a VLCHF diet and a bit more exercise than before.But - my fasting glucose is (all other things being equal) the highest of the day - at somewhere between 7.5 - 7.9. I don't think that this is horribly bad, but given that my BS before bed is usually lower than this, I think this means dawn phenomenon. It comes down pretty well after breakfast at 6am (bacon, bacon, bacon) - usually hitting 5.5 or so by 12 when I have my lunch.Everything I've read about DP suggests tweaking medication - but I'm on Diet and Exercise (and would like to stay that way).Does anyone have any tips please?Many thanksGKDiagnosis HBa1C: 56, 54 (test was repeated).12lbs lost over the last two months with VLCHF ;-), 88lbs to go...Best LCHF lunch options on the high street?Hi All, I have a lengthy commute to work, and often travel away from home for a few days at a time, so I can't always take my lunch with me. I received formal diagnosis of Type 2 a couple of days ago and need to look at what I'm eating for lunch (previously Subway/wrap from a sandwich shop/Pret etc.) to keep to LCHF (which is going well for me - have spent 3 weeks working away staying in hotels and have lost 7lbs - I would never have imagined that it was possible to lose weight and not be insanely hungry...). Any thoughts/recommendations welcomed. Many thanksGK