Retinopathy!! Scared. :-(Hi everyone. Well I've just been kicked in the teeth by life yet again this morning! Last January I had my normal eye test & was told the pressure in one of my eyes was 23, so new Government guide lines stated this could be gloucoma, although my optician didn't believe I did, but anyway I had to see an eye specialist at hospital. I had every test going including an eye scan. The pressure in both my eyes was only 16, so I was told I didnt have glaucoma, & added that I definately didn't have any diabetic retinal damage either, so I went away relieved & happy. He said he just wanted to do a follow up in 6 mnths. So, I went back in the July just gone. I had all the tests done again including eye pressure which was 18 in both eyes. He said, with a big smile, that this was completely normal, that I did not have glaucoma, & that my eyes were perfect. Then, he smiled again, & said I still definately have no diabetic damage! I was so relieved! He asked me when my next retina eye screening was going to be. I said 4 wks time. He said well still have it done but no need to worry, there's no damage. Ive had to wait 8 weeks for my results as that's how long it takes around here, but I wasn't worried coz I knew the results would be clear. Well, got my results this morning & to my shocked screams, apparently Ive got retinal damage!! :'( They said its only in the early stages so I won't be tested again for another year. I couldn't believe or understand how after my specialist telling me I was clear to having eye screening only 4 weeks later, I have damage! I was in tears. I rang my diabetic nurse who was also shocked & said it was ridiculous! She said she believes the eye specialist as he wouldn't have told me that if he hadn't have been sure, but she couldn't understand what is going on. She said she usually receives their report about 2 weeks after I get to know, but when she does, she is going to speak with my GP about it to see what he thinks. I believe my specialist, so don't know what's going on. Has anyone else had retina damage? I'm scared to death. T2 for 3 & half years. Metformin 2 x twice per day. Sugar well in controll.