Major ProblemsThis is a little long and boring but please bear with me as I am really worried about my future.Hi, I'm a new member here but I'm hoping this will help me!My name is Neil and I live in Derby, I was diagnosed Type 1 back in 1985 at the age of 21. I was first placed on the pork insulin Actrapid and Insulatard, two injections a day after a weeks stay in hospital,, having to weigh your food and calculate carbohydrates was a lot more difficult in those days but over the years things changed dramatically.Changing onto the new at that time human insulin's created a few problems for me, hypo signs became less and coma's became a problem. After a stay in hospital I decided to change back to the pork insulin with the agreement of my doctors although they didn't recommend this, it had the desired effect and my diabetes improved greatly. This was 1987 and as time went on pork insulin's stopped being manufactured and I was forced back onto human insulin and again my problems started back up.After some years of struggling with control in 1991 I was suffering major coma's weekly, this resulted in me having to leave work on medical grounds going onto sickness benefits with a number of other problems including blood pressure, depression, high cholesterol and arthritis all before the age of 30.I was then placed on the DAFNE course and was the second person in the Derby area to be placed on one of the new pumps being told my signs of hypo's would come back and my diabetes would improve massively.Although the pump was a god send over the years my health has deteriorated to the point I now suffer from early on set dementia caused by my hypo's, this has been diagnosed after a number of tests and brain scans.I am on the CGM pump and sensor although Derbyshire PCT have refused to pay for this saying to me that when a new gadget comes out everybody wants it, although I told them that if I wanted a new toy I would go to PC World and appeared in the Derby Evening Telegraph they still, 4 years later still refuse to fund the sensor for me. I have suffered so many hypo's over the years that I know I am lucky still to be here, my wife is my angel who looks after me and helps me through all the bad times worrying daily about my diabetes.I test my sugars four times daily minimum, both to calibrate the sensor and put my mind at rest. Sometimes the sensor does have problems giving wrong readings showing hypos and suspending my insulin when my sugars are high and vice versa. Anyway to the really important issue, last week I suffered another massive hypo, my wife found me unconscious in bed sugars down to 1.2, I was suffering a seizure and she gave me Glucagon waiting a few minutes before calling an ambulance as this carried on. The paramedics got my sugars up the seizure ended and apparently they showed my sugars were up to 17mmols, but I wasn't coming out of the coma. They decided to take me into hospital who were on the verge of taking me into intensive care when they put me on oxygen as my levels were very low. soon after I stared to regain consciousness, this was over two hours after first being found by my wife. This is the worst hypo I have ever had and I remember nothing about the incident, this has left my wife and myself extremely worried about what the future holds for me.My consultant has just left the hospital when I was being considered for an islet transplant and still fighting for the sensor full time, it doesn't look as though there is another consultant to take over Derby has had problems finding a diabetic consultant over the years and it looks like this is the case again.It took me 7 years to get diagnosed with the dementia, been fighting for the sensor to be funded for 4 years without luck, talking about an islet transplant for over 2 years and now I have no consultant who can tell me anything. Why am I having to fight so hard for the help that others seem to get easier, I have worked so hard over the years to get my diabetes stable without luck even the Derby hospital diabetes staff have ran out of ideas, new staff come along and try things over and over again leaving me going back in time. Can anybody give me any advice on how I can move forward as at the age of 50 I feel as though I am now being left out to cope until the ultimate happens to me and I die from a hypo.PLEASE PLEASE, Any advice would be gratefully received!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 