Papa's got a brand new knee.With apologies to James Brown.I'll try to write this in a light hearted way although there are some serious diabetes related parts to my tale.Twelve years ago my GP at that time (changed twice to where I am now and not because I've moved) told me that I had Rheumatoid Osteoarthritis, a friend who is a GP suggested that my doctor was obviously covering his bets. One thing I can add to that is that recently there has been some research which suggests that people who get Osteoarthritis may in fact have very mild Rheumatoid arthritis to begin with. My first appointment with an orthopedic consultant seemed to go OK and that was when I was first told that I was too young to have a replacement, replacements only last 10 - 15 years if your lucky, so I was told. Great we can get people to the moon, the Russians would have been the first to tell us if we hadn't, but we can't develop a material that outlasts something nature creates, cartilage. Trouble being we can't replace cartilage or can we? There are developments there, but nothing to save my knee and I waited for several years on that line of remedy. The consultant had also told me that for a man of my age, 52 at the time, he knew that I must have played rugby, football, or racquet sport, so he got 2 out of 3. Further conversations made me aware that falling off my bike and hitting the curb with my knee and kneeling on rafters shortly before the final excruciating pain hadn't helped. Neither had my weight or the fact that I had skied for many years.  Fast forward to last year, having been told that I was too young for too long, my research has found a knee actually with a 30 year warranty, I had to find a surgeon who fitted that particular prosthetic and the real life changer was that my wife's health insurance, a perk or unearned income that she pays income tax on, had be moved from Aviva to Pru Health who agreed to meet the cost of surgery as well as having a cup of tea with the consultant which is all Aviva would have paid for. Also agreeing to take on pre-existing conditions, something her employer had to negotiate anyway, as part of changing insurers.I saw the surgeon on September 1st and I took to him immediately, he just said "Hello Mr Jones, your knees are totally buggered (technical term), the best thing I can do for you is replace them". I understood what he was saying.My diet had been discussed at my pre med assessment a couple of weeks ago and was told that there was no problem. So when I saw the breakfast menu I was surprised at how much carb there was, in fact it looked like you could have any breakfast, so long as it was carb. I did have scrambled egg and plain full fat yogurt which the nurses thought was funny, why full fat and not low fat they asked. Easy, look at the sugar in low fat, may not be humungous, but every little counts. I managed very well just not having the spuds/pasta/rice/bread although because I could eat a bit more vegetable (fibre) when at home there were some small problems but nothing serious.They were keen for me to measure my BG, before rather than after, so I did both and their attitude to my numbers being between 8 and 12 all the time was interesting. I'm not sure if they were taking the surgery into account and I probably will not worry for a few more days, perhaps I should. Any input on other people's BG levels after surgery is always of value. The guidelines don't include surgery, or do they?The op was done last Tuesday, November 25th and I'm attaching some piccies of their handiwork. Physio is ongoing of course and the work that I did before the op made a huge difference in my recovery, in fact the physios had signed me off Friday morning and it was only because the tape they used on my lower leg had ripped my skin off when they removed it plus the Velcro on the AV boot making a hole in my leg, both of which became infected, I had to stay until Saturday. Came home with loads of antibiotics which I'd be happier without, but hey, I've got a brand new knee.