I need some advice on my symptoms  about a month agoHello,For a few months now I have been going back and forth from my doctors because of frequent urge to pee. Few months before my first intial visit to the doctor I would experience frequent need to pee for at least one or two days during times of strees (I.e exam time). Out of nowhere though this experience stayed for which prompted me to go to the doctor. There they made me do a urine test and I did. First they said I had a UTI, but the urine test was negative for bacteria and negative for sugar. So, I was like ok. With the advice on here I went back to my doctor and asked again why do I still feel the need to pee. They said it could be overactive bladder or in my head.They said I can do a blood test, but since I am such an idiot and because of the fact that they asured me that it can't be diabetes I said no. They told me to just try to hold it and then come back in a month or so. I was too fed up with going to the doctors after the month went that I didn't even bother to return even though the symptoms keep occuring.I do have to say that sometimes the frequent urination is ok, meaning I don't get the urge or I can actually ignore it. Other times I end up peeing every 2 hours. Sometimes, when I do get the urge to pee only a little comes out while other times a lot comes out. I do experience dry mouth also but not excessive thirst (I only end up drinking because of the dry mouth) (gets worse when I am hungry and it is not a constant every day of every week thing). Other symptoms are a floater in my left eye that comes and goes (went to the eye doctor and she said that it was due to the bright light of the sun in my area during winter), and also poor circulation in hands, arms, and feet. I also want to say that all of this started after my stomach symptoms( I might have IBS and is getting a colonscopy in two months), and also a summer worth of anxieties and antibiotics due to a cough that lasted for 2 months.  ( I might have IBS and is getting a colonscopy in two months). Thank you for your reply, p.s I do hope this makes sense. 