And so the fight starts again...Hello everyone, I hope some of you will remember me. I used to post very regularly, but over the past several months I have truly gone off the rails and am so ashamed of myself and desperately unhappy. I've really had to pluck up courage to post  - I've been lurking for a while but managed to push past the barrier tonight     This is an update on what has been happening to me, and also I hope this post may be a gentle warning to some! A brief resume - I was diagnosed in June 2008 with type 2 (HbA1c 7.4) after years of being overweight with a family history, and a carb addict. Over the next year or two I controlled my carb intake, with help from everyone on here, and went from around 15st to 10st. Size 20 to a size 12. I was over the moon. My levels normalised and a new GP I saw queried whether I was diabetic at all. Had to have a glucose tolerance test, much to my annoyance, just to prove that I was indeed diabetic. He couldn't see that it was my diet and improved lifestyle that had changed things.Well, cockily maybe, I thought I had it cracked. I declared that I would never go back to my bad old ways of scoffing all the wrong things. I was diagnosed with gallstones three years ago which made me follow a low fat diet and that helped me to keep my weight down too. Well, how wrong I was. Somehow, and I can't believe I am saying this, I have reignited the flame of carb addiction. It started with eating some gummy sweets, and me loving the sensation. Sugar levels seemed not too bad, so I thought I could get away with it. Gummy sweets led to other sugary things, and cakes, biscuits etc followed. Plus more potatoes, and seemingly tons and tons of bread. Pretty much how I always used to eat. Plus lots more fat, which means lots more calories. After months of this I am now almost back to where I was before. I haven't weighed myself recently; I dread to think what I weigh now. I can't get into any of my clothes, not by a long shot. They sit in my wardrobe taunting me, and I've had to buy myself a very basic wardrobe so I can at least get out and about. I literally hate myself. My blood pressure has shot up, and some days I have to take more than the prescribed dose of medication to bring it down. I get out of breath very easily and feel horrible. I don't want to get up in the mornings. HbA1c in November had gone up to 6.2, which I know isn't terrible, but I was well down  into the 5's before. I'm probably even higher now. I fix a smile every morning, so no one can guess what's going on inside. The truth is, I am frightened. I simply can't understand why, when I know what damage I am doing to my body, I can't get back into the way I was eating which had all those positive effects on my life. Why is it so much harder this time round? I know what to do, yet I've got a bloody big laughing goblin sat on my shoulder which I just can't ignore   I know that's no excuse though. My doctor won't put me onto metformin yet, but I feel it might just help, so I'm going back to see her. I am posting this also as a warning to others on here who have done so well with diet and/or exercise in keeping their diabetes under control. Please, please, don't take your eye off the ball for one moment. The odd time is probably fine, but believe me it can get out of hand and before you know it you are back to square one. I'm not one who believes carb cravings disappear completely. I face an even tougher fight this time round, but I am determined to do it. Taking the step of posting on here will help me, I know it. I haven't been posting because I felt that I had let myself and, in some ways, you, for letting myself go. I felt that I had nothing positive to offer anyone and wasn't any kind of role model. However, I've got to stop thinking that negatively as it isn't going to help me. And the forum is a melting pot of good and not so good, so there is no reason to stay away. I can still offer support to others, no matter what I am doing myself. I will be shopping on Tuesday for all the right foods, and making a plan. Then, fingers crossed, I will hopefully kick this attitude up the rear end. Phew, I did it! It's nice to be back, I have missed everyone  