there ARE good nurses out there! :)So as I've said elsewhere I'm participating in a clinical study. This means among other things that I have been in contact with one or the other of the same two nurses working the study, every two weeks, either by phone or in person depending on what the protocol calls for. Although sometimes I get fed up with all the extra tracking and reporting I have to do because of it, I am really enjoying the "star treatment" (for example, my blood pressure is always perfect for them, in part because they can give me the requisite 5 minutes sitting still in the office beforehand that regular appointments just don't leave time for) and working with these nurses who have much more experience seeing real-life diabetics deal with the dirty details. They even show an interest in my personal life, ask me how school's going and saying things like "Ohhh, [other nurse] told me you were really enjoying your studies these days!"This morning's appointment was particularly encouraging and I thought I'd relate it here, because it's such a rare thing!First of all, my readings have been really crummy lately, haven't been able to put my finger on why but my basals are all up in the air - I was having hypos just a couple weeks ago on doses that now are not nearly enough, apparently. They are really very good about understanding that perfection is out of the question anyway and that I'm doing my best, although professionally speaking they do still have to suggest I do this or that and remind me of what the goals are. But today in spite of how rocky things have been lately and all the things she could have said, she took my record book, flipped through the pages summarily and then said, "Well, we can go through this page by page like we're supposed to, but honestly, you know what you're doing and you don't need me telling you what to do!"Second, after taking my blood pressure and me filling out a questionnaire and other assorted things, she said, "If all our patients were like you, we'd be thrilled!" She was referring I think to my general state of health, since they also see a lot of older and ailing patients in this and other studies, but I think she may also have meant that I'm pretty diligent about things. I made a point of telling her that was a rare thing to hear and I appreciated it!We were talking a little later about Christmas as we were scheduling future visits, and she said (laughingly) "Yeah, we're not looking forward to the results we're gonna see after the holidays!" (but in a way that was really non-judgmental, just like: it's Christmas, people are going to fall off the wagon somewhat, fact of life and not a sign of patients being "bad". Working more closely with their patients, these nurses are MUCH more conscious of the fact that diabetes doesn't play by any rules and the results you get don't say anything about you really.) I said, "Well, us neither! ... but at least we get to EAT the food that gives us the readings, you guys just have to see the results with none of the fun!" We had a good laugh  I even had a chance to mention the forum! We were talking about the fact that my insulin needs were going up, and they said that they were seeing higher readings in a lot of their patients, so I mentioned that I participate in a forum with other diabetics and that we have noticed as a group that the temperature really has an effect on insulin needs above and beyond concurrent factors (like getting less exercise or eating stodgier foods in colder weather - I said "these are people who are prettty rigourous and tend to be very careful about what they eat!" ). They both seemed really intrigued by the idea!So just to say that there ARE good medical personnel out there, although they can be hard to access (dunno what I'm gonna do when the study is over - enroll in another one? hehe). It seems like the main difference is time, that is to say longer appointments and working with the same people overtime, to where they are able to go into much more detail and have a much better grasp of what diabetic life is like. And are able to convey that to me, because of course a doctor may actually be quite clued up but limited in what he can get across about it in 5-10 minutes while also actually doctoring. So there is hope; people being trained by and working in the current medical system CAN be the kind of HCPs we all would like to see more of. Perhaps a bigger focus on resources (time, which means more treating personnel, to lighten caseloads) will GET us better methods, exposure from the ground up. At least in some cases it seems to make a difference!