DIABETES IS A DIY AFFAIR IN SOUTH SOMERSET   Diagnosed T2 sept 4 2010 with a gluco level of[ 25 ]the doctor did not seemed bothered at all ,[YOU WONT DIE HE SAID YOUR ON THE PILLS !I knew nothing about diabetes but i was soon to find out first thing was the doctors will not give anyone a perscription for test strips to check your gluco level ,they say it does not need monitoring by the patient !because the nhs checks it EVERY 12 WEEKS which is great if you dont fall asleep twice a week during the day ,not knowing if your hypo or hyperthe doctor said you will go to DESMONDS clinc then i found out it was over subscibed by 6 weeks ,trying to get the PALS to sort it was a joke as there is a conflict of interest [they work in the pct ] on phoning the appointments office my self i find out it now turns out i cant get into DESMONDS UNTIL AFTER JANUARY,I GAVE UP. UP,Then i found out that i needed to see a podiatrist ,so back to the doctor ,yes he said you can self apply pointing me to a leaflet in the corner so i filled it in only to find out no one contacted me [i had waited 3 weeks ] on phoning them i found out that althoug they have an anwer phone it does not take messages and it was bearly audible on the third attempt 3 days later i got to speake to a woman who told me she could not give me an appointment as the woman who did that was off on sick leave and she did not know when she would be comming back ,so i left that one .With all of the government cuts the latest trend is DIY this means someone who was paid to be a pordiatrist now gets someone to organise a diy course in a village hall on how to look after your feet !Desmonds is another diy course for diabetics .Trying to get a diabetic diatitican was a joke ,it turns out she was on a contract and only came around a month .there was lot more but thats was a sample ,to find out my gluco level i went to the asda pharmacy who checked my gluco level they also checked my cholesterol level which was handy because the doctor had put me on statins ,i later found out it was routine for T2,s as every body thinks they are overweight ,me i weighed 164LBSso i stopped taking them after i looked them up.one of the sings of diabetes is weight loss but my doctor had not weighed me for 2 years !My take is this if you get diabetes get on the computer and do your own reasearch ,buy your own gluco meter [yes i know the strips cost hard money ] but the doctor is not going to let you have them ,you need to monitor your condition ,get to know your highs and lows .With the governments cut backs and doctors holding the purse strings things can only get worse :