Please help!! Waitrose refuse to stock 'LivLife Low Carb Bread'Hello  It's some time since I logged into the forums, but I just wanted to make you all aware, especially those on reduced or low carb diets, that Waitrose, in their wisdom, have decided this week to stop all stocks of 'LivLife low carb Bread'.Apparently, they 'do not have the shelf space' to cater for Diabetics or low carb products!  Now, as I pointed out in store this morning to their Customer Services person, they manage to find shelf space for hundreds of loaves of standard sliced bread, many of which are identical and also in fact duplicate products, just under different brand names. There are rows and rows of the same standard white bread, the same wholemeal, the same granary, the same grain breads, all standard recipes and standard high carbs, just different brands. Yet 'LivLife' is (was) the ONLY low carb loaf of bread available in the uk. and it is the ONLY bread that many Diabetics, like myself, can eat without any negative effect on our blood sugar levels (I eat it every day, and my HbA1C was 6.2 last reading, 6.5 before that!). And it's not just eaten by Diabetics either! I know people who eat it as it doesn't bloat them like standard bread.If like me, you low carb, or are maybe just keen to see more choices and alternatives for healthier breads on the supermarket shelves, or wish to alert the big stores to the benefits of stocking at least ONE low carb and diabetic-friendly bread to their offerings, then please, PLEASE join me and send a written, email request to the man who made the decision to delete LIVLIFE Low Carb bread from Waitrose stores to reconsider his decision, and provide at least ONE choice of bread for us Diabetics !I mean, Waitrose are quick to jump on the "healthy" bandwagon, and stock hundreds of "Gluten Free" and "Free From" ranges, even though there are statistically far fewer genuine Coeliacs in the UK than Diabetics... and while I don't wish to knock anyone (with a health condition or not) many people just think it's 'trendy' to say they have a "Gluten intolerance", when they have NO intolerance at all, let alone any genuine or medical need to buy Gluten Free products.Yet millions of Diabetics in the uk DO have a proven Medical condition, and one which is adversely affected by carbohydrate intake!So, exactly how many of the millions of loaves of bread which are currently stocked on supermarket shelves are suitable for Diabetics or low carbers??? NONE! (as of this week, thanks to Waitrose's decision to stop selling LivLife Bread!).Please, even if you aren't a low-carber, write them a short message/email and let them know that there should at least be ONE choice of bread available for Diabetics! Lord knows they give over enough space in supermarkets to sugar-filled junk foods, highly processed snacks and other unhealthy options!If you want to join me in sending a message to the man responsible, here'e his contact details:James.dickson@waitrose.co.ukthat'sjames . dickson @ waitrose . co . uk (just in case hyperlink doesn't work!)Please join me in dropping him a line. Without any action we are all (well.. many of us!) doomed to a life of avoiding the bread aisles... a life devoid of yummy sandwiches... or hot crunchy toast with butter and homemade Diabetic jam.... or LCHF Cheese toasties...... or low carb Bruscettas... {   Thank you everyone !  p.s. I mention Waitrose only because they are the only major supermarket who did stock LIVLIFE bread, and who this week suddenly decided to stop it. There are no other supermarkets stocking it (in spite of my email requests to the other supermarkets in my area). So please, if you do send a message or letter or email to Waitrose, please copy it also to the to other supermarkets in your area, or even better, their Head Offices or their Customer Service Heads or their Bakery Directors!!... and now I'm off to re-think my breakfast and lunch options... all over again.. like going back to when I was first diagnosed and didn't know what to eat  