Background retinopathy after only just over 3 years T2?   Hi.I was diagnosed in late Febuary - 2007. I didn't have diabetes before that as my GP did a sugar test every year and both my results in 05 and 06 were normal, but, the result for the following Feb was 12.8!My sugar though after nearly 3 months on 2000mg of Metformin, came down quickly and ever since, my sugar levels have been great. Fasting results every review - 6.1/2. BM's around 4.8/9.My DN &amp; GP have always said my sugar control is excellant. Then, in Nov 2009 my optician said I had a pressure in 1 eye of 23, so I had to see an eye specialist in Jan 2010. His tests were thorough and the pressure in both eyes was only 16. I also had an eye scan and was told it was completely clear. He said I didn't have glaucoma and also told me I didn't have any diabetic damage.He said he wanted me back for a follow up though in 6 months. I went back in July and my pressure was still good at 18 each eye. I didn't have the scan but he repeated all the other tests. So my pupils were dialated and he thoroughly checked the backs of my eyes. He told me they were perfect and told me again that he was pleased to tell me I definately didn't have any diabetic damage. I was so happy and relieved.He asked me when my next eye screening was. I said in 4 wks time actually, on the 17th August. He said well still go to have it done but don't worry, you have no damage. Had screening done - waitf 8 wks for results, and screamed when I opened the letter. I do have damage - background retinopathy! I was shocked and devastated! I just couldn't understand the specialist telling me that, and my other thoughts were why? Only diabetic for 3 years with low sugar? I have been told no treatment is necessary yet and I don't have to be screened for another year, but, a few days ago, my eyes started to bleed so I have made an appointment to see my GP on 3rd Nov. I can't tell eye specialist because he discharged me and said I didn't have to go back. I'm very scared because of the bleeding as I know this happens, but I don't know what will happen next.Joely.  