Yearly ReviewHi All,I had my yearly review yesterday.  My numbers were nearly the same as last year and I'd lost 1 Kg.  Cholesterol had dropped from 5.4 to 5.2 (trigs dropping slightly)I did have a difference on the tuning fork as I could no longer feel it. It's the first symptom of deterioration I've ever had. I'd had my eye test the week and they came back clean, but my near vision was 2 instead of 1.5.HbA1c of 53 (7 in old money).  The nurse seemed to think that was good as I wasn't getting many hypos (talk about a one size fits all mentality: I'm never near a hypo!). She decided to skip the session with the dietitian or putting me on any training (phew!).   Actually I'd been having a bit of carb creep so I thought my HbA1c would be worse.Cholesterol at 5.2, obviously she pointed out "they" like it to be below 4 if you are diabetic (they still haven't fathomed its the HbA1c that's the problem for diabetics).  I'm sure they do I said.  The number is only made up by a committee: there is no evidence that T2 diabetics fare any better with artificially lowered cholesterol.  Anyway as long as its over 4 and less than 7 I'm happy.  The numbers they all use are another reflection of one size fits all.So that's 14 years on a moderate carb low GL with lager diet!HCP's assumptions!Ç on: 04 September 2014, 07:56:47 PM ÈThis afternoon I attended my annual eyesight test at the opticians.  Firstly I'd not met the particular person about to do the test and he introduced himself and the young lady on work experience who hopes to become an opthalmologist.To start with we went through a number of questions... not going to list them all here but the first was "why did you come for this test"..."er well, the receptionist rang me up and summoned me.  OK I knew it was due".  Of course, it's a private practice and if they can help it they ain't going to lose customers are they?So we progress to "I see you have diabetes"  Me:  "Yes I have T1 diabetes and I have an insulin pump".  Optician: "Ah, when were you diagnosed?"  Me: "In 2003"Optician: "So you are actually T2 on insulin!"Me: "No, there is a huge difference and I have had the relevant tests which prove I have T1.  I am under no illusions that T2 becomes T1 just because one progresses onto insulin"Optician blushes... "I see"Me: "It's a common preconception, but T1 is not confined to children and I think perhaps if that is what is being taught then it needs updating".I left it there, but I hope the young work-experience woman heard me!  I shall drop some cards for the forum into the shop next time I pass!I think it's bloody sad if that is what's being taught.  I think the rest of the "what's being taught" may well be bordering on the insulting " get fat, get diabetes"