Weight loss in thin Type 2ÕsI was diagnosed with Type 2 in the first week of November 2014 with a high HbA1c of 60 mmol/mol. My weight just before diagnosis had been stable at around 92 kg for many years which, for my height of 6ft 2in, was just above my healthy weight range of 65.4 to 88.7 kg (according to BMI). So I was of a tall thin body type carrying some excess weight on my tummy and top of my body.I was put on 2 Metformin tablets a day. I made immediate changes to my lifestyle, cutting out the high levels of carbohydrates that I was eating, learning from my glucose meter, and doing a lot more exercise ( eg. lots and lots of fast walking, some sport, three 15 minute sessions of high intensity exercise a week).I have lost 11 kgs in three months dropping me to 81 kg (BMI of 22.6) Ð but there is no sign yet of my weight stabilising. This is still within my supposedly healthy weight range but it is starting to bother me that there is no sign of my weight stabilising despite the fact that I do eat plenty of healthy food, lots of protein and have not given up saturated fat. People comment on how thin I look, my shoulder feel boney and my bottom feels increasingly uncomfortable to sit on.I just wondered if there are any other thinnish, or normal weight on diagnosis, Type 2s out there who could share what has happened to their weight. Most of the weight management guidelines are about the benefits to overweight diabetics of losing weight.I see my doctor this coming Thursday 12th Feb for a three month review where we will see what has happened to my HbA1c.Cheers,GraemeThursday 12th update to above:My initial blood test results on T2 diagnosis on the 31/10/14 were as follows:HbA1c = 60 mmol/mol, Total cholesterol=5.5 mmol/l, HDL=1.2 mmol/l, LDL=3.7 mmol/l.I have just had my results after three months on lowish carb diet plus exercise and they are as follows on the 12/02/15: HbA1c=45 mmol/mol, Total cholesterol=4.5 mmol/l, HDL=1.4 mmol/l, LDL=2.8 mmol/l.So promising results moving in right direction, at least for the moment. In particular I did not want to go on statins which is what my doctor had wanted to do at the beginning but the improvements to Chol/LDL have averted that.Thank you all very much for sharing your experiences of weight loss for the leaner types in the replies below. I feel more confident now that I can be healthy in this skinnier state as long as I can find the right balance of low carb + nutrition/calories + exercise.Thanks for the suggestion that 'it's important to do weight/resistance training too', for raising my awareness of the GAD and c-peptide tests, the possibility of LADA and the Harris Benedict formula to calculate what your calorie intake should be.I appreciate you all taking the time to post replies,Cheers and regards,Graeme