Job done but oh the painWell left hip done and out of hospital.  Nothing untoward about the op lovely people - great care.  Left to deal with my own diabetes (which is what I wanted ) but they came to me for figures all the time.  They didn't interfere with my Thyroxine or Metformin - just left it with me.  On Saturday night BGs were 19.6 which frightened me a bit.  The anaesthethist telephoned to see how I was late on Saturday and said not to worry - they could go up a little more but it was completely normal.  Food good and rather than the NHS menu offering Porridge, Toast or Cereal they made me an omelette each day.  Lunch salad with lovely offthe bone ham and really fresh.  Dinner poached fish or chicken and fresh veggies again.  Couldn't fault.  Tea in the middle of the night when I couldn't sleep.  But there again not NHS!!!! LOL.BGs still high - well high for me - bordering on 10 most of the time.  I have no intention of getting worked up about it.  I'm very swollen and sore.  I can only sleep on my back at night so it's very uncomfortable.  Trying to make sure I do the exercises because they have said they will do the next hip in 6 weeks if I get on okay.  And as for the blood pressure - that particular monitor (repetitive) was the first to be turned off because my blood pressure 'was boring'.  In other words it was mostly on the lower side of normal - and they knew my BP had been stratospheric before I came in.  Using my cuff monitor and it's still very low.  Don't know what this will do to my HbA1c in November.  Thinking of saying I see no point in having that one.  Doesn't make sense and I know my people in the surgery.  Iwill be told off and they won't take my operations into account and then I'll tell them I'm sorry about their little tick boxes but could they kindly go take a hike!  (Sorry in pain and severely grumpy today - trying not to bite at my husband who is asking stupid questions today - like 'when did you empty the grey good bin last'.  Who care?