Confused and very worried ......medication interactions....serious symptoms??As stated in my post in April about my mum (please read recap):- Hi everyone, please can anyone help me with this as I am very worried about my mum. She is a type 2 diabetic (diagnosed last summer).This past few weeks (also two months) she has not been feeling at all well....extreme sweating, very tired, nauseated, no energy etc. Her blood glucose is tested each day by myself and they have been good (5.7-6.1) upon waking. Her blood results from the GP have been good as her hba1c blood result has went from 56 last year to 43, as I have helped her as best I could. Her medication is Metformin 500mg 1 per day. She has been to her GP 3 times saying she does not feel at all well (as mentioned above) but the GP doesn't even examine her and just says "its your age".Continued today:-My mum was still not feeling well and went to see another GP. She seen a female GP who examined her and said "Your chest seems clear but I will give you antibiotics anyway". We were shocked at this and could not understand her "diagnosis".So a week past and mum was getting more and more fatigued, dizzy spells, sweating and just very out of sorts. Last week mum got that dizzy and light headed that she fell against our front gate. She has a black eye, bruised body and still very shaky on it.I got her to the GP (not her usual) who felt she no longer needed the diabetic medication (Metformin 500mg) as her HbA1c level had gone from 54 to 43 and she had lost some weight. He felt that the medication could have been causing these symptoms.I did some research myself and I found out that mums diabetic medication and her blood pressure tablets interact with each other. Her blood pressure tablet was Lisinopril and this along with the Metformin cause a lot of the symptoms. My questions are:-(1) Has anyone else ever experienced this with medications?(2) Does it take long to feel "ok" after stopping one of the medications?(3) Is it safe to control Type 2 with diet alone?Please, any opinions would be really really appreciated. Thank you so much.