FriendsIt's very sad when you can't do anything to help people.  On Saturday we had some friends round for lunch, they are both 84 and both have had T2 for many years.  I long since stopped talking about the subject with them as several years ago when I had discussed the forum with them they had told some mutual friends that they felt I had no right to advise other people on D.  Well, I think we've all come across that attitude/barrier when talking to people we know in real life.  Anyway, it was quite a casual lunch and I'd just done some Serrano ham with melon, a roast chicken with garlic and herbs, green beans and some roast potato wedges.  However, I knew they liked their desserts & they've often said they "have good control" so I'd made a chocolate dessert, but I'd been careful with the ingredients.So when I was testing before the meal in order to bolus all of a sudden one of them tells me he is now on insulin.  One injection a day but it's fine.  I just asked what insulin.  Neither of them knew, but apparently his partner does the injections for him with a device (think it's an innolet).  It then came out that at some point his BGs were "in the 30s and 40s" but they are now pleased that "it's down to 14" when his partner tests him once a week!!!!!  I was really shocked and I can't stop thinking about it.  It explains why he doesn't really want to do much exercise.  I wouldn't with levels like that.  Also why he may have physically gone downhill so fast.  I suppose that not much can be done, because really who's going to tell them at that age.  Certainly not me... and I don't really know what the HCPs can do about it.  They also told me that the Dr has asked him to trial a new drug, but they don't know what it is.  I was very worried about that, but when they phoned earlier this evening apparently they've decided not to go ahead with the trial because he'd have to have appointments every fortnight.  I wasn't sure what to say, it does mean he'd be very much more supervised and be better helped, but who knows what the drug is and is it fair to trial it on someone that age.  How fair is it to ask really, when it should be obvious to the GP/diabetes Dr (not sure who suggested it) that he is asking two people who are struggling with the basics, let alone able to cope with a trial drug.  Or has the Dr suggested it because it brings our friend into the realms of being better cared for with regular tests?