What a day!Of late I've been really bad at getting up and today was no exception.  It was 10am when I surfaced and 11.30 gone by the time I got in the shower.  At 12.05 I was dressed in scruffy jeans, a scruffier sweater, with a towel around my head, in the middle of doing a full pump set change when the phone rang.  It was the hairdresser... where was I, my appointment was 12noon and they know I'm never late.  Hang on, says I, appointment is tomorrow.  No today... so they start saying "well she can't fit you in for x weeks" and I'm like "Whoa, I can be there in 5 minutes".  Cos I have a string of well spaced appointments for the next 6 months and I really don't want to have to alter them as they all fit in with social events.Anyway, I then discover hubby has the car... so I ring and he says he'll come and pick me up and drop me off.  So... I am leaving the front door with head wrapped in a towel and coat on any old how when I realise I am still wearing slippers.  Rush in and change... cut a long story short I arrived at the salon at 12.18 with my pump filled but not attached, clutched in my sticky fist... the cannula in my handbag with the applicator.  So the hairdresser is short of time and there I am with her applying colour whilst I prime out the bubbles from the tubing of the pump, right in the front of the hairdressers in the middle of town!  Arghhh... though the hairdresser was fascinated with the priming and the bubbles!  I'm sure the other clients wondered what the heck I was doing!  Once I got sorted I checked the appointment card in my purse and sure enough it said Feb 6th which is indeed tomorrow.  The receptionists mistake not mine - subsequently when I left I asked her to check the rest of my appointments and she'd entered another two wrongly on the card.  Grrrr!I then had to ring hubby again to ask him to drop in on his lunch break bringing me money, my test kit, my glucose tabs.  Was going grocery shopping this afternoon, so I decided I'd grab a sandwich in town and do the shopping.  Because it was gone 2pm when I got out of the salon there was little choice of sandwiches and I was horrified to discover the lowest carb sarnie I could find was cheese and onion at 41g carb!  By the time I had been to two supermarkets I checked BGs to find they were 17.4 and thought OMG... I'm going to have to do the full pump change again - sure it was full of bubbles, but I did a correction and by dinner it was down to 6.4 so we shall see!Finally got home at 4.45 and by the time I'd put the groceries away hubby was coming in from work.  Where did the day go?  