Frustrations! :-(I'm afraid this might be a bit of a rant folks so forgive me in advance and just humour me if you don't agree.I'm relatively newly diagnosed with Type 2 but I've made it my business to understand my enemy and am determined to work on this in order to improve my quality of life and longevity. So I'm testing and taking carb intake very seriously. Not obsessively but purposefully. The one thing about the meter is it really does show me what I'm doing to my body if I get lax. And I appreciate that's my choice because I'm not on Metformin yet (tried and it really didn't agree with me).What I find totally frustrating sometimes is the ignorance and inability to see how serious diabetes can be. Is there a 'jaunty type' of diabetes I've missed? The one that allows lots of treats (as long as they're in moderation) and the total reliance on Metformin to somehow deal with excessive carb consumption in Type 2's? I say this because I have a newly diagnosed friend who seems to view this as a minor inconvenience that popping a pill will sort and 'most of the people she knows have had this for years with no ill effect!' I nearly found myself screaming but there's none so blind as those who will not see. Any regrettably that's a real possibility for diabetics who simply view this as a 'bit of extra sugar'. I've even reached the point of wondering whether this is my over reaction or her stupidity! Apparently 'she doesn't have to give things up, just have them in moderation' and that includes pizza, sugar in drinks and take aways. And no personal testing because the doctor needs to handle it really  I can appreciate that some people are in denial and not everybody is committed to change but she's telling me I'm crazy to give up on cakes and chocolate because we all need treats. So I had crisps today thinking maybe I am too concerned/fanatical. My 2 hr reading shot up to 9.7 which is unprecedented for me!  Just tell me I'm doing the right thing someone please because I don't want to turn into a food fascist but neither do I want amputations or sight loss! And incidentally her level is higher than mine! Amigo x