Yay, finally got the Freestyle Libre!Interested parties may know that this new device is, if not exactly a CGM, the closest affordable thing to it.http://www.freestylelibre.co.uk/ for those who haven't seen it.It's been so popular that Abbott, who produce it, had to stop selling it until they could increase their manufacturing capacity to ensure adequate supplies.  So at the end of October they stopped supplying new customers and limited registered purchasers who had already bought it to buying 2 sensors every 14 days.  All other interested parties had to register and wait.  I registered in November and now they are informing 100 registered people at a time that they can purchase it.  If you are lucky enough to be one of the current 100 you have a whole week's window to buy the starter kit.  I got my email on Monday and went ahead straight away.  Then you hold your breath for delivery and get horribly excited and silly about it arriving... and ridiculously nervous and....  On Tuesday I was informed by email that it had been dispatched and given a tracking number with Chronopost International.  So I tracked it... and saw go from somewhere in mid/southern France to arrive at 04.30 on Weds in St Austell which is approx 1hr 20 minutes from home.  It apparently moved from there towards it's eventual home here with me at 08.25am.  I didn't get it yesterday.  This morning I checked and there was some indeterminate message about "trying to find information enabling delivery".  Only because I belong to the Facebook Libre Users group did I know that Chronopost hand over to DPD couriers in the UK.  The parcel number I had from Abbott was for Chronopost and didn't work on the DPD site but when I looked there and got a phone number I was able to ring up and I got an automated message saying "According to our records this phone number is associated with a parcel which is due to be delivered today between 15.20 and 16.20".  So I rearranged my day, going to do my weekly grocery shop early, to ensure I was home and not far from the front door (big house on 3 floors with study on top floor) for the whole of that time + a good 45 mins either side.  The slot time came and went... I checked Chronopost & saw that they had tried to deliver at 10.14 yesterday but there was no one in.  This was curious because I was in at that time.  At 5pm I tried to phone DPD, only to get a recorded message which required me to dial in either the parcel number, the tracking number from the note they had put through the door (what note?) or the phone number.  I didn't have a parcel number.  I put in my phone number, the same one it had recognised this morning.  It didn't recognise it.  At this point I was beside myself with anxiety & decided to try to phone Abbott customer services.  I got the run around from one number to another with no success.  By this time the steam was coming out of my ears!Just then, at 5.45pm the front door bell rang... I leapt down 2 flights of stairs (not so nimbly these days) shouting loudly "I am coming".  I opened the door to a neighbour who handed me the package with the Libre in.  Normal?  A neighbour takes a package in?  Of course... but... they hadn't signed for it on my behalf.  They live at no 7, we live 6 doors up at what would be No 13 but since 1895 when our house was built it has had a name not a number.  Their surname is Evans and the wife is Patti Evans (yes we share a dentist and a Dr!)... they regularly receive parcels from DPD so the driver hadn't looked beyond the name and the road.  Grrr!  Since I will be receiving regular parcels from the same source this is going to be a huge problem and since I still have no parcel number I can't contact DPD!Ho hum, the first sensor is inserted and I can barely contain myself before scanning, but I am leaving it the full 24 hours to bed in!