What a bloomin awful day!It started with my daughter calling me to tell me that my lovely friend Ray had died and she had found this information on facebook.  Didn't quite know what to do.  Didn't want to upset my lovely, lovely friend Jan of 35 years (his wife) by telling her I got the information on Facebook.  I felt a little aggrieved, wondering why she hadn't just messaged 'Ray died this morning'.  We had had a lovely weekend 2 weeks ago, even had a laugh and both agreed that we hoped Ray would go soon.  A couple of hours later had a missed call from Jan and rang back and no answer.  When I finally got her her was absolutely devastated, (and her family), at the fact that they hadn't even reached people before Facebook took over.  Ray's grand-daughter had posted a notification and pictures of Ray long before the family could have got to it.  I hope that young woman is thoroughly ashamed of herself and that I don't ever meet her.  No mistake, just sheer badness from that particular young woman.  Jan had not been with Ray when he died and she now feels as if she has let him down.  She has spent the last month in the hospice with him and went at her usual time of 7 pm (in the hospice at 10 am every day).  Then on to the Diabetic nurse to ask for extended Met and an 'up' to 1500.  Yes she can change (because of my IBS which is in a flare atm) but couldn't up to 1500.  Asked why and she is not allowed.  Sort of lost it.  Not her fault but having watched a complete whingefest about 'the lot of doctors' on their new televised screen in the surgery, I thought no wonder they are overworked because there is no sense in what they do.  If they can't find a Diabletic Nurse who can prescribe then they force us to to go a second time to put our case.  I got the 'well I've give you the extended Metformin' and it is more expensive, to which I responded, well don't worry I will pay for it myself.  So now I need to go and get my HbAic done again, and another cholesterol test, this time with full lipid profile.  I know my HbaIc will be 8+ but evidently I have to have this test and because it will be high then perhaps I might get an increase.  So I come home and have a couple of glasses of vino, having forgotten that it will affect my cholesterol.  Am I a happy bunny.  Am I heck?  Bloody awful day.  Sorry folks - just a rant.