Sunday Express StatinsWell if we are to believe it the Oxford professor who 'championed controversial drug to reassess evidence of side effects'.  'Prof Rory Collins whose research helped rubber stamp statins as safe, said his team will carry out a 'challenging' reassessment of the evidence which will include studying all reported side effects'. (Sunday Express)I can't quote the whole article but once again a complete turnaround in thinking about the status quo in medicine.  It seems to me that we are living in a reactive world of medicine in this country where the profession is in a state of flux and either digging their heels in (i.e. for diabetics, starchy carb with every meal from NICE [whilst it is becoming more and more evident that even first line medics are beginning to doubt the efficacy of such advice]) or going back over old ground and scratching their heads wondering if they are right (statins, fats and I'm sure etc etc [perhaps sufferers of other diseases are finding the same phenomen]).  In this particular article there also seems to be a question of transparency from the drugs companies and a statement from a professor of public health who 'weaned himself of a two year statin prescription after debilitating muscle pains'.  Coupled with this enlightening front page headline is a letter from a member of the public and I will quote in short'Last week when collecting my three monthly supply of insulin for twice-daily injections, something which I have done from the same chemist since 2009, I was informed by the pharmacist that in future I would have to prove by means testing whether I continue to receive this medication without paying a fee.  It was further stated by a subtle warning that the Department of Health was prosecuting people for wrongly claiming free treatment.  Sort of think this Chemist has got the wrong end of the stick but who can be sure!!I know the NHS is in a state of crisis, maybe using scare tactics as a means to an end or maybe just suffering with panic - [lets start it off with Kalms].  Maybe I shouldn't feel alarmed by the amount of faffing about happening within the service.  I know I actually agree that those people who are not helping themselves and claiming benefit should be asked to take whatever treatment they are offered.  Personal choices do, naturally, have consequences, but really to tell a Type 1 he will be means tested is, as I said above, either a  complete stupid mistake (smoke and fire?) or the start of a very dangerous slippery slope.  Could it happen?  Probably not for Type 1s but what about all us fat Type 2s who brought it on ourselves.  Got another condition to add to my list - confirmed OA and a knee that is going to have to be replaced.  My surgeon has asked me to bear the pain as long as I can but then go to doc and get referred for knee replacement.  Not quite sure why I need to wait - but I am quite happy to do so and allow someone who is suffering to have his/her operation.  Trust my little surgeon with the brand new Lamborghini so I'll just put up and shut up for nowl