StrugglingHey, I've been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes for just over a year and i've found it and still finding it very hard adapting to it. I feel embarrassed to tell people i'm diabetic and i feel like it just gets in the way of doing anything. i'm 20 and was diagnosed 2 weeks after my 19th birthday. i lost a lot of weight before i was diagnosed due to working out like crazy and unknowingly having diabetes but since then i've put on a lot of weight and its started to make me really unhappy. i've tried to join a gym but 'due to my condition i need a doctors note informing the gym club that i am healthy enough to work out in their facility'. I also moved away for uni in sept and have found it very hard to live the student life and be diabetic   so i've recently moved back home. Everyone has told me that having diabetes isn't the end of the world and i know its not but i just feel like i had the confidence to enter the big wide world but now i just want to stay in london and hide away. i'm scared to book a holiday because i don't want any trouble in the airport because i'd be travelling with needles, i don't want to eat out in restaurants anymore because if i go with people that know i'm diabetic they constantly watch what i'm eating and give me looks if i order anything else than water to drink or if i go with people i haven't found the confidence to tell that im diabetic they'd wonder why i keep going to the toilet so much lol. Also everyone that i know that has diabetes is in their 50s and 60s and are type 2 so they don't understand as much when i say my thigh is sore or my stomach is sore from injecting myself. i don't any 'young people' that are diabetic so i've started to feel like i'm by myself /: i know it sounds silly but overall i've just been unhappy and its been a year too long i just want to be able to smile again and feel 'normal' .. has anyone gone through any of these feelings? and could have any advice for me? my nurse has been telling me for the longest of times to reach out to diabetes uk support so i figured its about time i do because i'm tired of feeling the way i do! lol