Diabetes type 2, Neuropathy, and Gabapentin  7  Hi everyone.  I was diagnosed with diabetes this past June. What had me want to check was experiencing symptoms of what I now know is from diabetic neuropathy. (Burning/tingling/painful/numbness in different areas of feet and ankles in my case)Also, I have plenty of family history of diabetes, including my mother who is currently 73 and has had it since for quite an amount of years.  (She has a very mild case of neuropathy in her toes) Even though I went to the doctor when I did, I believe I might have experienced diabetic symptoms a few years prior, or at least I thought so (constant dry mouth, constant urination, persistent tiredness especially after meals) which led me to lose weight (about 50-60lbs). I then no longer felt those symptoms anymore. So anyway, back to present time. (Sorry for being all over the place). I don't remember exactly what the ac1 reading was but the blood sugar monitor that you check several times a day read at one point 470! He was surprised I didn't check in a hospital for any of my symptoms. My blood pressure and cholesterol were fine. I am overweight even having lost over 100 pounds in the past 6 years. He diagnosed my diabetes based on results from blood test and neuropathy based on what I told him and his physical examination on me. Also upon diagnosis he prescribed me to start using 10 of insulin once a day before bed and 300 MG of gabapentin once a day also before bed.  Also to live healthy as possible,  be physical as possible. Since then, I seen him again last week Tuesday (October 14th). He checked my blood meter and said according to it, my blood sugar seems to have dramatically improved. I have an advanced meter that records and stores blood sugar numbers to the date and time and if it was before or after meals and how long. Within the past month or so. The average number is 115-120. Since June I lost 15 pounds (still plenty more to go, I'm 5'8 and 260lbs currently) changed my diet dramatically,  not one drop of alcohol, and almost 97% pain free from the peripheral neuropathy.  We still are going to wait for current results for my ac1. Look test and what not.so now that I explained that, finally here is my question. .even though I do not really have any more pain from my peripheral neuropathy, the numbness has spread a bit since june. No longer just my feet and ankles but strips of numbness on the front of my shin and back of calf, from ankle to front of my knee on both legs. And also a small strip on both forearms starting from middle of them (where there is also a little dry spot) going towards wrist and elbow, but not on the wrist or elbow yet. Also, my appetite has changed dramatically. I eat basically half of what I used to consume and that's even when I THINK I'm hungry. Most of the time I'm not hungry. Then more recently,  I haven't been going to the bathroom to poop that much. I used to go about twice a day, and they were "healthy-ish" poops or at one decent sized one a day. Now it's been more like a rabbit pellet if anything at all. I know I don't eat as much but still more to make more poop than that.also a some point during the day,  I'll get nauseous for a while, and sometimes all day. I also have definitely had an increase in depression and anxiety and just dwelling, especially about the idea of death. I'm definitely not thinking of suicide,  just scared to death of DEATH! I will admit I pretty sure I'm bummed out about having diabetes,  even though I did this to myself. But also have lost passion for what I do for a living, which besides my wife and 2 children, was one of the biggest part of my life and my clients rely on that passion. Like almost no drive and always worried and dwelling.with that being said, I decided to do some of my own research.  I came across autonomic neuropathy and it's symptoms.  Scary. Especially that some of those symptoms seem to be exactly what I've been experiencing. It made it feel even more like a death sentence. Since then my depression definitely became worse, crying a least once a day out of fear. I'm very lucky to have my wife. Any other woman would have left me I'm sure.she also brought to my attention that it could be side affects of the gabapentin.  I looked it up on different sites and the symptoms were also listed. Not super common ones, but they were still listed. Before any of this I have never been dependent on any drug/medication ever.I know there are test for the autonomic neuropathy,  but I talked to my gp twice since last week, including today, and he said even though he will refer me to a neurologist, that he feels that there is a huge chance it's the gabapentin being these symptoms on really started since I started that medication.  He said keep up the hard work and we will monitor everything.  I'm 30 years old and will be 31 in January.  What do you guys think? I'm doing as much as I can especially with my Health insurance and what not and I just realized that this is a UK based site but after reading a few other sites, I really loved the feedback on this one.Thank you and AlohaJose