If you could reverse your diabetes by giving up processed/preserved food, would you?I'm sure by now everyone knows how processed and preserved foods affect our bodies. They give us inflammation and inflammation is a breeding grounds for all kinds of scary diseases, one of them being diabetes -- both types, no less! In the face of chronic inflammation, the immune system mistakenly attacks normal cells, and the process that ordinarily heals becomes destructive. But, what if I told you that you could reverse your diabetes (for those with type 2) and control your diabetes with less insulin (for those with type 1) by giving up processed and preserved foods FOREVER -- would you do it? Or, does the thought of never being able to eat junk food, fast food and snacks freak you out? I suppose the real question is: What freaks you out more -- having diabetes or giving up bad food? Years ago, I couldn't bear the thought of having to part with my dessert, so I did what my doctor told me and just took more insulin with my junk food. That didn't go very well, because I could never quite control my blood sugar the way it should be. So, I experimented -- I gave up ALL processed and preserved foods and only eat the raw fruit and vegetables (and I watch the GMOs!). I have an occasional piece of poached fish or chicken (and I watch the GMOs!) and sometimes, a boiled egg. And I do moderate intensity exercise every day. And in the past 2 years, I've been able to wean myself off fast-acting insulin completely and reduce my intermediate-acting insulin by half! My blood sugar is finally cooperating. My A1c has come down from a mind-boggling 11% to a very comfortable 6%. (No thanks to my doctor!) I'm convinced by eating this way, I have significantly reduced the inflammation in my body and as a result, I am not insulin resistant anymore! It can be done; I'm living proof -- and I don't crave the bad food anymore, to boot! So, I ask you: If you could reverse your diabetes by giving up processed/preserved food, would you? (Please be honest; there's no sense in lying on a diabetes forum!) Thank you. I appreciate your honesty.