What's everyone's take on Afrezza?There's a lot of buzz right now about Afrezza - for those who are uninitiated, it's an insulin inhaler device that delivers super-rapid-acting insulin which supposedly promises to almost eliminate hypos. There are also users out there who are claiming they don't even need to carb-count anymore.I've raised a few questions on this. One thing I strongly object to is the fact that over $1bn has been sunk into this, more than any diabetes medication I can think of. I understand that pharmaceutical companies need to make a profit but to me, there seems to be something very obscene about spending so much money on what is possibly a slightly better insulin, and presumably diverting cash and expertise away from developing a cure.I've raised this objection publically elsewhere, and the response has been, um, interesting.One of the best resources for information out there ishttp://afrezzauser.com/. Great information, sounds like a real success story. But then you read between the lines. Much of the problems that the author states they had before Afrezza seem symptomatic of just plain bad diabetes management - complaints about taking too much insulin causing hypos etc. I'm not disputing the challenges we all face here but this particular case just sounds a bit too much like someone not really trying.Then there's the bit that really bothers me, particularly as I work in PR and marketing and I know how this game is played.What sort of a person sets up a blog devoted to one particular medication?There's quite a few Tweeters and bloggers who all seem to have magically appeared all of a sudden, very recently, who then either blog or tweet about nothing BUT Afrezza and some of the more extreme of them start declaring Alfred Mann (the guy behind Mannkind, the developer of Afrezza) as some sort of latter-day saint. Again, I don't dispute that Alfred Mann has played a pivotal role in many life-changing technologies (pumps and prosthetics among them) but the moment you start pointing out these were excellent business decisions that create a certain level of market dependency, I've noticed that Afrezza trialers act as if you've just shot their favourite puppy in front of them and then tried to feed it to their mother as a casserole. Even more interestingly, if you do this on a forum, almost without fail, a new user will magically appear to tell you that you are wrong and then never post again. This has actually happened on this board, to Northerner, I note.Meanwhile I've also been speaking to reliable bloggers out there who say I'm just failing to appreciate Afrezza for what it is because the feedback has been so good, no-one has anything negative to say about it.Do we believe this?Is it really possible that there is a medication out there that has zero side effects, is completely flawless and even seems to let you bolus without any need for carbohydrate whatsoever?I don't think so. I'd like to try Afrezza, certainly. But just as a head-up for everyone...if when you start suggesting a particular medication isn't a complete miracle and its funder isn't Jesus incarnate, and the response is open hostility, disbelief, accusations of trying to short stock and all of this comes from people whose entire online footprint consists purely of talk about Afrezza....do you think we're being played? And do we want to open up a book on whether or not a one-off poster might suddenly appear in this thread?  