High blood sugar only in running race situation, but its not diabetes!  5  In 2011, my senior year of high school, I began to experience abnormal issues of fatigue during my cross country races. At the state cross country meet, I fell just 10 feet before the finish line and stumbled across the line. This was just the beginning of my struggle against extreme fatigue. Into my freshman year of college (still running varsity cross country in Harrisonburg, VA), the problems returned. I would get 1.5 miles into the race with absolutely no trouble and then it was as if I hit a wall. My vision would begin to blur and I felt as if I couldn't continue. After another race of symptoms causing me to stumble, someone suggested I test my blood sugar. Suspecting it would be low, it registered at 293 points after being fully recovered. We continued to monitor my sugar levels. It consistently soared 250 points, but only when I race. I can run workouts faster than my race pace with no issues, but as soon as I get 1.5-2 miles into a now 6k race, I might as well fall over. I am still finishing the races and decently, but things are obviously out of balance. Last year I was put on Lorezapam for pre-race anxiety, but it made no difference.  I have seen 6 doctors directly (sports specific, whole body doctor, endocrinologists) between Illinois and Virginia and no one has any idea. I have been put on Metformin for high blood sugar, but just last weekend after taking 1000mg, it still registered at 240 points after a 5k race. It registered 84 before the race. It drops back to 80-100 points within a half hour after my race. Again, it only elevates when I reach a threshold during a race usually right under 6 minute mile pace for a couple of miles. I can run a 13 mile run at 7:00 minute pace with little to no dizziness. I can hardly stand after a race though. I have fallen one other time during a mile track race just 10 feet before the finish line when I was on pace for a 5:18 mile. In spring 2014, I took 3.5 months off for a study abroad trip suspecting my body just needed time off. It was the first time I had taken time more than 2 weeks off in 8 years. I spent the summer building back my training base and seemed to come back with no problems. After I started racing again, we soon realized the problems had returned with sugar topping well over 250 points. Diabetes has been completely ruled out as my sugar is normal at all other times. I have had at CT scan, everything looks great. All of my levels (iron, thyroid, etc.) are great. I tried wearing sunglasses during races this fall and for some reason, it seemed to help with the blurriness during the race. I am curious if there is a visual correlation with what is happening, because I seem to run stronger for night races. No one is willing check out the visual/vestibular piece of the equation. There are more interesting correlations and I have all lab records and  post-race blood sugar levels. I am starting my junior year of track and more than anything I would just like someone to look deeply into my case and see if they have any ideas, because all other places have led to a dead end. 