hyperinsulemia &amp; insulin resistance caused by overeating   It is thought that eating a large carbo meal CAUSES your body to produce a large amount of insulin to take care of the carbs -thereby flooding the cells with insulin WHICH Makes them insulin resistant for up to 3 days.If your body's adaptive response (insulin resistance) to too many calories (carbs) did not happen you would just continue to get bigger and bigger (also contributing to insulin resistance) - which of course is exactly what happens when you come down with diabetes and your DOCTOR starts giving you insulin and diabetic pills! YOU GET BIGGER.What happens in normal weight people who eat junk food?? There are many of these folks floating around! Do their bodies just increase their metabolism thereby BURNING OFF the excess calories??Then there are the ones who just keep getting bigger but never develop diabetes because their beta cells manage to keep up with removing the glucose from their blood steam. I've been told, however, that they also have high levels of insulin in their blood steam. In fact, I've been told that EVERYONE who is overweight (pudgy) is hyperinsulemic which has it's own risk factors for heart disease.So the question is 1) reduce fat &amp; increase fiber as in the McDougal Program? He claims this will normalize blood sugar within 3 weeks! Not such a long time to try!or 2) reduce carbs (100 g/day) which my friend Greg did and lost 45# and got off all insulin in about 6 weeks!Seems like one of these daytime television shows could put the questions to rest quickly by having a contest of diabetics - the low carb vs the low fat. It would only take around 6 weeks to find out!!!I'll bet both diets lower both glucose and insulin! Voila! Case Solved. Then we just have to get the government to MANDATE that the food industry start pulling either the fat or the carbs (sugar) out of our food! Yeh, healthy meals at the restaurant, healthy food in the stores!!! for all our single men who don't cook, for all our seniors who have trouble preparing meals, for all our overworked mom's struggling to juggle it all, for all the rest of us who can't stand our own food! Come on America, you helped get us in this spot, take some of the responsibility and help us get out!I just want a fast food drive through where I can buy healthy, delicious food for myself and my grandson! That is the business your in, is it not? Don't just blame it ALL on US!