Shocked at hospitalAs I briefly mentioned in another thread, a very elderly friend of ours was taken into hospital about 3 weeks ago.  We all thought that we might lose him and indeed he was very very poorly with congestive heart failure and pneumonia.  He was quickly moved from the local hospital to the cardiac ward at the county hospital about 30 miles away and a group of friends and I have been taking it in turns to take his partner up to visit him as he's equally elderly (84) and we don't feel he should be driving whilst under such stress + his driving leaves something to be desired at the best of times.  So yesterday afternoon J and I took him up there.  At the beginning of the week our friend was moved from the Cardio ward into a more general ward and has been improving day by day.  The improvement is very noticeable.He's T2 and on 1 injection of insulin a day which he was put quite a while ago due to Bgs in the 20s - think it's Humalin but can't be sure as they are both very vague about it.  His BGs did come down, though I was never able to actually ascertain to what level.  They have never really paid any attention whatsoever to dietary issues.  Yesterday when we arrived he had a cup of tea and was happily munching on a large slab of fruit cake.  I asked him what the hospital meals were like and he told us that for breakfast yesterday he had had a bowl of porridge, plus a slice of toast and jam.  Lunch was a beef hotpot topped with potato, which was served with mashed potato and carrots.  Dessert, which he described with some relish was cake with custard.  On top of that the large slab he was eating at the time?    I asked if they were testing his BGs and he said "of course", but didn't have a clue what they were.  J and I both looked at each other and I could see J was as horrified by this diet as I was, but it's hard to say anything because our friend simply hasn't a clue and where do you start?A bit later our friend was expressing his frustration because he now feels better and wants to go home cos he's bored.  I said to his partner "why don't you ask at the nurses station to see what's going on?"  Apparently there was no-one there, so he returned and I suggested we look at our friend's chart (clipped to the end of the bed) to see if there were any clues.  I found the records of his BG tests.  ALL done before meals.  They ranged from roughly 10 - 12 when he was feeling ill and not eating, and had risen just like a line on a chart over the days where he started eating, to being in the 20s before meals.  Of course it's what they're feeding him!A little later his partner found a nurse to come and talk to him.  She explained that they were pleased with his progress and he should be allowed home shortly, it appears they are waiting for someone to go to his home and install grab handles and extra bannisters on the stairs.  It's a rather strange house built on a hillside with a half flight of stairs between all the rooms (i.e. ground floor sitting room up to utility and bath, another half flight to a toilet, another half to the kitchen/diner their bedroom and yet more up to the shower room and 3rd bed.)  So not easy for him to avoid the stairs which he has been falling on previous to going into hosp.As we aren't relatives it's really not up to us to ask questions, but I did say that we were a bit concerned about his BGs, to which the nurse picked up the chart and pronounced them "not bad".  She reminded us that when peeps are ill their BGs rise.  I agreed and said of course I was aware of cortisol etc. but his BGs had risen as he got better and started eating rather than going down as would be expected.  So she asked his partner who normally tests him what his "normal" levels were like.  His partner said they were normally around 12.  She went on to say that although a DSN would want it lower she found that trying to get older people lower when they were used to being high wasn't a good thing as it made them feel ill.  I honestly ought to have said that they'd get over it and that the high BGs were doing damage all the time they were high, but it really wasn't my place as we aren't even relatives of the patient.  I hasten to say that the nurse was absolutely lovely, really sympathetic and nice to our friend.  I just sort of feel that if that's the prevalent attitude in hospitals it doesn't bode well for people with D.I left telling him I'd bake him some low carb buns for when I visit again - in the hope he'll eat those and not eat the blooming cake he's being given willy nilly.