Living with diabetes days for type 2sYesterday I attended the session held in Maidstone, Kent. I would certainly recommend attending one for any Type 2 whether on diet/exercise only, medication or insulin. It is an all day event. Registration 9.30-10 (free drink and fruit nibbles including grapes!) You were divided into 3 main groups so you would attend each of the 3 main sessions throughout the day which covered: Food and Diabetes: Managing diabetes and Everyday diabetes - your work life and play.First however there was an hour covering firstly the exact mechanism of how food is digested in a normal person and then in a type 1 and then type 2 diabetic. Extremely clearly presented , and then from NHS explaining how services are set up and the movement to surgery based care.Problems flagged up generally by the audience were the wait for diabetic foot care eg 6 months as corns were not deemed urgent and it was obvious that ulcers were the prime concern. They agreed to take this on board plus asked others who had very particular problems to see them at breaks so the professionals could contact the relevant services/depts.Refusal of strips had massive response with details given of the Diabetes UK advocacy pack to fight your corner. 15 essential checks covered in great detail and emphasised as a right.Also flagged up was the massive black hole in support provision for Type 2s once they are put onto insulin. Very severe questioning by several finally elicited the reply that there really was NOTHING. However it did seem as if the professionals were surprised there was such a need!! My contribution - It's just as well there are internet forums run by users who are willing to share their communal expertise for the good of everyone and not just the one run by Diabetes UK. This got a massive response! Later when speaking to a DUK high up rep her response seemed to be that it was extremely unusual for a type 2 to progress to MDI insulin and that it was single injection or a mix therefore carb counting not necessary!!!!!!! You have no idea how hard I was hitting that exclamation mark key LOLFor the Kent area notice was given that the Paula Carr retinal screening service has been taken over by Medical Imaging. They have also taken over all the equipment and vans and we were assured that as users we would notice no difference in service and would be called as usual.By the way they answered one of our forum questions re use of corn plasters - reason for not to be used by diabetics is because they contain acid so called cause skin problems we might not be aware of therefore look to see if anything similar that does not contain it acid.Food session taken by 2 diabetic dieticians and was interactive so small 4-5 person groups discussed a topic to then give answer back to whole group.Ensured you knew about good fat and what foods were carbs.Managing D session concentrated on the 15 essentials and again split into small groups to discuss a single bullet point and then reply back to whole group. Really ensured you all understood why the 15 points WERE essential but more importantly how they should be carried out (My dsn won't know what hit her when I have my check next week!!). Final one comprised questions with True/false answers there could be one or all true. Very interesting especially on employment law, travel insurance, driving etc.Everyone then joined for a seated exercise session and then a final "Ask the experts" session with the possibility of staying afterwards to ask any specific questions you may not wish to share with a group. Ended c 16:30. Lunch was provided with again masses of fruit. However no details on Carbs!! Attendance must have been c150 but could see large number 20+ name tags not collected. All in all extremely worthwhile and to me really surprising how little so many attendees knew about their rights and simple things like free prescriptions, need for exemption card, you ask for appts and don't assume you will be asked eg annual check. Some had not had one since diagnosis. Don't just accept whatever meter/strips are offered as each commissioning group very definitely has a range and not just one type you have to use. Many people did emphasis how you have to stick up for yourself and that you feel you really did need to fight for what was right for yourself as after all it was YOUR body and not theirs. Raised eyebrows from some professionals present - I think they heard a few home truths!I would certainly recommend attending this - partners are also welcome - and attendance is free. All paid for by the partnership with Tescos. They made the point that Diabetes UK already had the money so all sessions guaranteed and there are 92 throughout the country.Hope this is helpful and apologies if this has been duplicated by those attending other sessions which I have missed.