The good and the bad...So last night we went to a fundraiser for repairing the local outdoor swimming pool which got royally bashed in last winter's storms.  Give them their due, the "friends of the pool" have set themselves to raise £1.6 million and they're a good way there!  The evening was held at the Acorn Theatre (a much loved local institution) with Falmouth Soul Sensation playing.  Really fantastic band with a huge range of ages, one of the singers looks about 17 and the lady with the hat playing the saxophone must be 70ish.  We went with a group of 8 friends and we all had a good bop.  I was dancing for about 2 hours.  The audience was split between oldies like us (all bopping) and people in their 30s.  Course naturally that led to a nice 2.8 in the middle of the night, despite the fact I'd eaten a good dinner before we went but I really really enjoyed myself! I've never had to worry about clubbing & hypos before LOL! Felt full of energy and life.This morning I get up and within half an hour I'm coughing and spluttering, sneezing and hacking & feeling like a wrung out dishcloth.  Great!   Confused about GP Practice adviceHi everyone, hope you are all good so far in this new year.  I have a question that I hope someone can help with my decision as to whether I am getting the right advice from my GP Practice.I visited the nurse at my Doctors surgery last evening. She made an appointment for me to see her again this morning to take sample for HBA1c test, and "fitted" me in next Tuesday (27 Jan), for results of test.  She said that I would probably go on Metformin, or Gliclazide or Insulin.  I haven't heard from her since June last year, and was wondering when I would be called in for a Diabetic review. I do have a glucose meter and test regularly.  My blood glucose has been rising steadily since October 2014. It has gone from 7.0 at first thing in the morning to 19.6 at the beginning of this month. I returned from a weeks' break, (in GT Yarmouth), and contracted food poisoning. Went to my GP and was given Domperidone to control sickness.  At Christmas I had a bad throat and hacking cough, so took Tyrozets (1g of sucrose per tab) and Actifed Linctus (5ml contains 2.8g of sucrose). So for a diabetic (T2), a lot of extra sugar, but I needed something to help cure. So at the Surgery this morning the nurse took a blood sample ready to send to hospital. I was asking her a question about whether the high readings were due to the medication. She said that it would be best to wait for my review next Tuesday and to ask questions then. Now I know that to slot me into next Tuesday's appointment she had to cut another patients appointment time. So I'm thinking I'm not going to get much time to ask her any questions let alone get answers.  I was hoping that she would say that yes this is just a blip in the reading because of the medicine you have been taking, and that once these few months have passed and my blood "renews" itself I will go back to lower readings. But she didn't and both her and the nurse with her said that it's normal for reading to go up and that you will have to go on to Metformin. I feel that they are sticking me on this medication before I've had a chance to see if it will go down.  I am thinking about changing GP surgery, would this be a wise move. I don't feel confident  in this surgery, but before I change wanted to know if I would have received the same answer from any GP surgery.   