Interesting scanHi all, well after all my problems with doctor versus dsn, things have taken an interesting turn after an abdominal scan this morning. Been having pain, nausea and raised LFTs so doc sent me for scan, to check liver was ok. Firstly, Doc who came to do scan was late, which wouldn't normally matter but I wasn't allowed to eat for at least 5 hours before   secondly he was really awful, very surly and no bedside manner at all! When he'd completed the scan I began to feel very low and almost passed out, nurses were brilliant ran and got me some biscuits and a sugary drink, bless 'em, they even made sure I was ok to go and saw me to lift. Doc said all he could see on scan was fatty liver, which he said very often goes with Diabetes? I had not heard this before so am surprised to say the least. Sorry been another moaning thread, its certainly an interesting time!!Shirl xWhat the flipHi all, Am so sorry but I need to have a moan  I had my 12 month review at the Doctors a couple of weeks ago and left feeling quite pleased with myself as the doc assured me all was good! I have been to see the DSN today and have had the rug well and truly pulled out from under me! The DSN asked how I was feeling, if I was tired, going to the loo more etc, no all good thanks. Then she said well I'm surprised because your long term bs levels are up despite being on Novomix for past 9months. My bs levels have been good, or so I thought, ranging from 5-7 most of the time, with the odd blip. Anyway after having a chat, the DSN has given me a new Nexus RX to try as she wondered if the one I was currently using was faulty! Going to see DSN in 3months again or sooner if I need to. Feel so upset, what on earth was doctor thinking? Want to give up at the moment, feeling so disillusioned.  Shirl x xAnnual checkHi all, Well am due to visit docs on Thursday afternoon for annual check up hoping all goes well.In the meantime I was asked to visit a different doc today, I had a bit of a shock when she said my Liver function was higher than it should be, after she felt at my tum and asked me several questions about how I was feeling she said she would send me for a scan to see what was going on. She then asked me if I was on Thyroxine as my thyroid function was looking high too!! Wonder what Diabetes doc will come up with on Thursday? Hey ho, such is life I guess.Shirl x