disappointed with appointmentI just went to see my GP to discuss my most recent results (well it was almost 2 months ago i got my results but i wasnt so keen on making an appointment).   Ive sat at home for weeks and thought about whether i should ask to be put back on to insulin, at least lantus to help my fasting readings.  But was flatly told no.  I have to exhaust all oral medication first. (im pretty sure the rest of the oral meds are not breastfeeding compatible).  I managed to keep my hbA1c 6.5% and under after diagnosis by eating low carb, which was a bit tricky cooking for husband as well who doesnt like cauliflower rice / but does like chips.  It was do-able though, my diabetes was a real focus in my life and i was to be honest a bit obsessive about it and would test regularly so i was able to take better care of myself. Moving on to now, - im cooking for 3 of us including a small baby and realising I need to be able to eat some carbs so that we can eat together - i barely have time to cook a decent meal, let alone cook 3 separate meals.  I obviously dont want to restrict carbs for my baby, which means i need to eat similar to what I cook for him.   So the way i see it is that i will never achieve the sort of hbA1c i want to achieve (up to 6.5 i will be satisfied with) whilst eating what is deemed a normal diet. Thats why i was thinking if i could ask for insulin then i would only need minimal amounts but it would allow me to eat a sandwich, or some pasta, you know - be normal. Im kind of disappointed to be refused without discussion.  The diabetes consultant i had during my pregnancy talked to me about it at my 6 week post-natal check and said he would write a letter to my GP saying that he thought i would be a good candidate for insulin therapy if the need arose.  GP also said they wouldnt intervene with other meds until i hit 7.5% anyway and I have to follow the 'pathway'.  He prescribed me 50 test strips but wouldnt put it back on repeat prescription.  I have to say its not done anything to improve my diabetes motivation, which has been severely lacking recently.  I know its up to me, but sometimes we all need a pep talk dont we.   