diabetic control   Hi I am 74 and type 2 diabetic and I would like to highlight some of my experiences with this condition. I was first diagnosed as being diabetic 10 years ago and I have tried to control my blood sugar levels with diet (eating sensibly) of course this is not a science. I suppose that all diabetics are concerned about SUGAR levels as this is the only indication of our disease that is available to US. SUGAR? and Carbohydrate are one and the same, and yet we are told to eat these foods, I have found that I get better results from a high protein diet, and NOT mixing carbohydrate and protein. I do this in a way by eating carbo one day and protein another but never mix the two. Also being diabetic and \&quot;craving\&quot; the \&quot;sweet\&quot; seems to go hand in hand, but be Warned \&quot;sugar free\&quot; is NOT what it seems. When I was diagnosed Diabetic I had just given up Smoking and although I have always had a sweet tooth I became addicted to sweets (in place of my addiction to Tobbacco), when diagnosed diabetic I sought solace in sugar free products Mints in particular, believing that these were not BAD. Some months ago after bad experiences with medication( Metformin) I came to the conclusion that sugar free product were in fact causing high sugar readings and that my doctor was reacting to these readings by increasing medications which in turn were causing complications I stopped eating all sugar free products and started to combine my food by not eating Carbohydrate and Protein at the same time at this time I was struggling with sugar levels in the 18 to 20 regions within the first week of my new regime I was down to 7.0 my current averages for 7days is 6.3 for 14day 6.2 and for 30 day 6.2 It is obvious to me that I must be doing something right. At this point I must add that I am currently taking 1/2 tablet of Gliclazide per day when my doctor said that I should be taking 2 tabs a day, she is astounded by the difference in my sugar levels, and quote \&quot;remarkable\&quot; un quote . so sorry to be so long winded but perhaps someone may benefit from my experiences Keep taking the PILLS???vivian K Jones