What foods did you have to give up when you became diabetic?I'm sure we can all agree that processed and preserved foods are bad for us because they give us inflammation and inflammation (the chronic kind) has a funny way of mistakenly attacking normal, healthy cells in our body; and thus the cycle begins (vicious as it may be)! When I was first diagnosed with type 1 diabetes more than 15 years ago, I wasn't the health food fanatic I am now, and I didn't really understand what eating processed and preserved foods could do to a body. Actually, I thought the main culprit was sugar, so I tried to stay away from sweets because I wasn't aware that carbs (that don't get burned off by our bodies) get turned into sugar and that sugar gets turned into bad fat, if it isn't immediately used for fuel by our bodies. Needless to say, that didn't help my diabetes management! It wasn't until several years later my (then) date opened my eyes to carbohydrates and told me how carbs get turned into sugar and the whole she-bang! (As I sat and ate my tiramisu right in front of him.) I don't think it registered because it wasn't until just recently (2 years to be exact) that I finally gave up all processed and preserved foods for good! I thought I'd die if I didn't get my chocolate fix every day, but the funny thing is, the less bad food I ate, the better I felt and the less I craved it. Now, the only thing I crave is peanut butter (grind your own!) and I attribute that to the lack of too much protein in my diet. I used to love brownies and pizza with a passion like no other and never dreamed I could go without. And yet, here I am, 2 years later, and I could care less about them! All I have to think about it how crappy I felt when my blood sugar was always high and that alone is enough to make me lose interest in bad food. What about you? What foods did you have to give up when you became diabetic? What foods do you stay away from now that you're diabetic and need to control you blood sugar? Thanks in advance.