Visit to the Endo this morningIt went really well.  Hba1c 41 or 5.9% and he was pleased with it and didn't give me any grief about it being too low.Chol total 5.8HDL 3.7 (outrageously high and good he said)Trigs 0.6He was very happy with that and said "I don't want you on Statins, don't let anyone talk you into it".  So I said "No, I shan't, I have had that argument with several Drs already and they've no chance of getting me on them".All well with T4 and TSH was 1.65He's such a nice man!  I told them I was using the Libre and he was really interested.  He'd not seen one before (although the pump DSN - who is also lovely & sits in on the appointments - had seen one a rep showed her).  So I had to show him the sensor in my arm and he played with the reader for quite a while and said that he could see that I wasn't having too many lows and agreed with me that it had been the post-lunch spikes which had precipitated the late afternoon hypos. We discussed various ways to ameliorate the spike - one of his suggestions being to absolutely slather butter on the Burgen - we all laughed when I said "I do that!"  We discussed bolussing early and he was happy with that idea "if it works for you" and also I said about the super bolus but I hadn't yet tried it, and he encouraged me to try it. He said that there really was nothing to choose between Apidra, Novorapid and Humalog for speed of onset even if they claimed there was and he told me that Novo are developing a new insulin which has a much shorter half life and will kick in much sooner but he felt it was 2 years off being prescribed.  We discussed the Libre being on prescription and he said that given the number of T1Ds in Cornwall, even if only 300 of them were to go on it that they'd be looking at nearly £40K per annum on their budget.  He felt that "the enthusiasts" would make good use of it, but that for the majority it wouldn't significantly alter their diabetes management, though he did see how useful it could be for motivated people.Apparently it's true that there's currently no option but Novorapid in pre-filled carts for the Insight pump, DSN said "for the moment anyway", but I don't know whether they are currently offering it at my clinic.  I didn't ask specifically but gained the impression that as they feel the pump is doing me a lot of good they will be happy for me to continue on it when this one needs replacing.All in all a fab appointment.  I felt "listened to" and we discussed things in a way which made me feel that they thought I was no fool.  Was in there 30 mins and never felt that they were trying to rush me.As they'd run nearly an hour late it was 1pm when I came out and Julian was waiting for me as he'd wanted to go into PC warehouse nearby, so we decided to celebrate with a pub lunch and had a really nice "pensioner's lunch" (2 courses for £7.95) at the Lamb and Flag on the way home.  Prawn cocktail and roast beef went down well and not a spike in sight so far!