T2: Change of diet & weight-loss = significant meds reduction  8  Hi all.T2, diagnosed about 15 years ago. 61 years old.Thought I'd share what's happened to my medication regime over the last 3 months following a change in diet and resulting weight-loss. It might give others some hope!Starting weight pre-diet was 17st 4lb (I've been heavier in the past).Current weight is 15st 8lb and still falling ...but still over-weight.I hadn't planned to start yet another diet but my wife decided to join Slimming World and it was easier all-round if I ate the same as she did as she's the primary cook (and a good one!). At the same time cakes, biscuits, chocolate etc., were banned from the house.Starting meds: Gliclazide MR 60mg, Metformin MR 2,000mg. Control had been poor prior to the diet with numbers like 12 fasting and up to 21 pp....After the first month of the diet I went to my GP as I was, at times, having to eat over and above the diet guidelines to keep my levels above 4 (I start to get the shakes at 5 or below). Gliclazide reduced to 30mg.After the second month I was still having hypo problems so the Gliclazide was knocked on the head completely.After the third month the Metformin was reduced to 1,000mgNow I've probably got to wait for my next HBA1C test (Jan 2015) to see if I really need any Metformin at all. I'm not sure that I do but I'll stick with it a while longer. My GP has said I should go back to her if I feel the need to. I regularly get readings in the mid 4s before lunch and sometimes in the afternoon but at least I'm not going below 3.9 anymore (assumed "real" hypo benchmark).I had no problems getting test strips either, even after coming off Gliclazide. The GP said she was happy funding the cost all the time I needed strips as the cost of my meds was going down as were, hopefully, the potential cost to the NHS of future diabetic complications!The interesting thing for me is that I experienced almost exactly the same weight-loss 3 years ago when I was on WeightWatchers BUT my BG readings didn't improve significantly. I can only assume the Slimming World diet is better for me than the WeightWatchers diet. We certainly eat well but it's primarily meat, fish, salad, vegetables & fruit.We also bought an Actifry machine (best kitchen gadget ever!) to allow us to have low-fat chips / roast potatoes which we do 2 or 3 times a week. So plenty of carbs!!??As to exercise, apart from all the housework (I've retired but the wife is still working) and gardening, I don't do much. Not because I don't want to but because I have problems with athritis in most joints and I'm waiting for an operation on my back. Post operation, I hope to get back out on my mountain bike!So, happy-ish T2 bunny...CheersStuartPS: All descisions on reducing meds were made by the GP based on my own readings, I've since had an HBA1C test that she said was nearly down to non-diabetic levels. I think she was more happy than I was...PPS: You are what you eat...think that applies to me anyway!




That's a nice HbA1c number!HbA1c : 40 ! That's in the non-diabetic range I believe. GP was happy so was I! Previous result was 45 IIRC. OK, so I know I'm not cured, but I do have the GP's permission to cut down to just 500mg of Metformin SR or even stop it alltogether and go diet controlled...which I may do.Now if I can just sort out the hypertension, AF, peeing for England, dodgy hips and spinal (stenosis) problems I'll be even happier......BTW, if anyone's interested, the blood glucose result I can only put down to losing weight and following the Slimming World diet. I recall 18 months or so ago struggling to get my levels below 12 before meals and under 17 - 20 after.Stuart