Basal basal basalAs some of you know I have a difficult relationship with my basal insulin, and have done since I started taking it. The partner in question is Master Lantus. To cut a long story short here's what's happened in the last twelve months, they put me on fixed dose to start with of 30 units based on a 50/50 split between rapid and basal and 1 unit of insulin per kg, nearly had me on the floor because it was way too much although it took me a while to work that out. I realised taking Lantus at night clearly wasn't good so starting taking it at 7:00am, small improvement in sleep because then I could drop off to sleep but would wake at 3:00am very wired. They told me not to reduce the Lantus because my waking figures were good so obviously I needed it, but to reduce the rapid because I was hypo all over the place during the day, I reduced the rapid but was still going hypo in the evening and before meals so I went rogue and decided to reduce the Lantus and so dial down started, during which time I had literally no sleep (no exageration none at all at night and a few hours during the day), stabilised it at 20 units and very small amounts of rapid, very little sleep still but everyone kept telling me that it wasn't the Lantus causing the problem because if I was going hypo at night I'd wake with high blood sugar from rebound. So I spent two weeks testing every hour through the night and sure enough I was dipping to 2.5 - 3.3 at 1:30 am, then climbing back up into the fives. Presented the evidence to nurse and consultant, they said oh right then better reduce the Lantus and we'll get you a CGM loan. Still waiting for the CGM loan btw, and the Lantus continues to be a problem. It was staying stable for about six weeks at a time then I'd have to dial it down, but it appears the threshold is getting shorter now and the night time hypos are getting more distressing because I wake in rebound (I think) drenched in sweat and feeling sick with a blood sugar of 9 or 10. In the morning my waking figure will be in the 5 or 6 range. Should mention that I know the night time hypos are coming because the first sign is absolutely no increase in blood sugar after dinner, so I start at 5.1 and there I stay, then the night time hypos start with a vengence. When I dial the Lantus down I get my post dinner modest peak back and nightime hypos go away for a bit.So Tresiba has been mentioned to me three times in the past but the consultant doesn't seem keen to prescribe it (I'm guessing because it's expensive), he mentioned. Levemir but says it needs two injections a day, and I am absolutely not injecting basal at night I would be terrified and couldn't cope with that horror again. I'm slightly worried I'm going to go a bit postal/hysterical at my appointment through sheer frustration and exhaustion and trust me when I say that's not pretty, I'm very calm normally but I'm really at the very end of my extremely long tether, I'm sick of worrying about going out at night because of my super sensitive insulin reaction, sick of worrying about hypos, sick of worrying tat I'm not performing as well as I could in a new job because I'm tired. So people any calming words of advice about how to get the consultant to listen before I reach nuclear reaction point (almost there now just thinking about it). Sorry for the whinge I'm just quite literally on the edge of reason at the moment  . I can't live like this, I need some stability, and just spouting the words honeymoon at me as he does doesn't actually help me at all, I nearly cried when the dietician said the honeymoon could go on for years, I think that was the straw that broke this camel's back, I was patiently hoping for it to just calm down. I won't last years like this, can't do it.