Could this be the reason I got T1?Yesterday I was reading Facebook and followed a link posted by Alan to his blog and from there followed a link to Jenny Ruhl's site, where she suggests that wheat may be sparking T1 due to soy in our dietsIt made me think a bit.  Going back to the late 90s we owned a hotel.  It was blooming hard work, we worked for 7am to gone midnight every day without a break.  We found that we couldn't eat in the evenings as we were manning the bar, managing the restaurant and generally running round after guests.  So we used to try to eat at lunchtime, but I was fed up with throwing good food away because as soon as we'd sit down to eat the bell would go and the meal would grow cold whilst I smilingly gave guests tourist info.  I didn't have time to cook either... so apart from those days when I could heat up something prepared by the chef the night before I'd be throwing something together that was at least 3/4 processed food.  Plates of pasta covered in sauce from a jar, chicken kiev etc etc.   In 1999 I knew that my health was suffering badly from this lifestyle.  The stress and working hours plus the lousy diet were causing me to have bowel problems and other gut problems.  I was in pain daily and that lessened my desire to cook and eat.Fast forward to February 2000 and we sold the hotel. For 7 months we rented a flat and I was overjoyed to have the time to cook and serve nice meals again.  From there we moved into a house with no kitchen (because we'd ripped the old one out).  For 16 weeks we dined on anything that could be prepared in a microwave or with a kettle.  More junk food.In January 2001 we stopped smoking and I piled 3 stone on.  I started weightwatchers and it was easy to buy prepared meals which were low in points and/or buy products that were alternative to meat i.e. more likely than not full of soy.From late 2002 I knew I was ill.  All the classic symptoms of diabetes that I stoically ignored.  I finally dragged myself to the Dr having lost a lot of weight very quickly - too quickly, by which time my BGs were too high to register on a home meter.  Nurse says she remembers they were "frighteningly high" but back then the records in the surgery weren't computerised, so if I want to know they'd have to go into all the patient records that are archived.  I don't need to know that much.  Not long after I was diagnosed with an underactive thyroid, another autoimmune disease.Anyway, after an awful time on mixed insulin and piling weight back on due to the dietitian's advice that I must base my meals on starchy carbs, I finally searched online and found the newsgroup where I met Alan and some other people who are members here.  Alan opened my eyes to what my diet ought to be.  From that time on I've avoided all processed foods whenever possible and do have a very healthy diet with lots of fresh veggies etc.  My gut problems have disappeared, I don't even suffer from the diverticulitis any more, nor the large hiatus hernia that showed up on Xrays in the past.  I'm not saying they are cured, just that they no longer bother me.  I avoid bread for the most part... 2 slices of Burgen being the most and oh dear.... should I be eating that?  Soya and wheat combined!Anyway, I ramble on, but I did find Jenny Ruhl's piece real food for thought!