Does having type II diabetes make it harder to loose weight?Hi, I have been diagnosed a few years ago and my GP eventually put me on metformin along with another medication and i was told to loose weight. I did take the metformin for a few months, but only recently have started trying to loose the weight & stopped it for that reason (it made me constipated).When i weighed myself in the last week of February 2015, i was 14 stone 3lbs - way to heavy for someone who is only 5'9. So I decided to try my best to loose weight and get into shape as part of a lifestyle change. I have radically changed my diet. I no longer eat huge meals or fast food like fish & chips, chocolates & crisps & stopped alcohol completely. I had previously just been eating and drinking whatever i wanted, when i felt like it. I know now that was a recipe for disaster, but unfortunately i can't go back - only forward. So I have been on a 1500 calorie a day diet and been going to the gym 3 times a week since the last week of February.I am careful what I eat and only have been eating small portions consistently for the last 6-7 weeks. Unfortunately, even with my new diet and exercise routine, I have barely lost any weight. A week ago when I weighed myself I was at 13 stone 7ibs. However, i am also a smoker and over the last month or so had been smoking around 5 a day. Over the bank holiday I tried to stop smoking and quit for only 3 days. When I went back on the scales, I was horrified to see that my weight had gone back up to 13 stone 11lbs - despite my diet & exercise. The only thing that changed was stopping the smoking. I think this slowed my metabolism - but putting this aside, I still should be making more progress with my weight loss.Anyway, for a normal healthy person eating only 1500 calories a day and working out in the gym 3 times a week, a 2lbs per week weight loss should be easily achievable. In other words, I should have lost 1 stone by now, but I have only managed to loose a few pounds.My question is, does the fact that I have type II diabetes mean that my body does not burn calories and fat like a normal person? I don't want to take metformin again because i have heard it could make it even harder for me to loose fat. Is this true or not?I just feel a bit disappointed and am not sure what else i can do now. I don't expect instant results, but I would have expected that my weight would have been significantly reduced by now. I just don't understand why this is.