Further update with Blood tests doneHello againI joined you all in November and have finally managed to control my sugar levels using diet and reducing my weight. My HbA1c was 47 when tested in Feb this year. The GP was very pleased and was asking me what I did. Carb control isnt easy because the world around us is so full of sugar. But because I started feeling so well on low-no carb(I test on the meter and when I am trying new foods I test and see how its affects my sugar). I lost 10 kgs over 3 months. I should loose another 5-7 kgs and keep a low carb diet to maintain my sugars I would say. Dropped a dress size and almost everyone has said that I look well. (I did not share my diagnosis with people, somehow at <40 it seemed too shocking    )My earlier thread shows I had to be extreme initially to control my sugar - http://diabetes-support.org.uk/diabetes_forum/index.php/topic,5561.0.html However, now I am able to add a few things. My day is usually as follows:Morning - soaked fenugreek seedsBreakfast - full fat milk + coffee+ almonds + soya based protein powder - blended in a smoothie10ish - full fat coffee (sometimes I am naughty and eat a few M&Ms) or a chick peas + cucumber+ quinoa snack potLunch -     Leafy vegetables based salad + Tomatoes  + cheese  OR    Gram Flour based omelette with vegetables       Soup4ish - Same as 10 AM.. I have also found (using tips from here), that blueberries + greek yogurt make a filling healthy snackDinner -      Leafy vegetables based salad + Tomatoes  + cheese  OR     Gram Flour based omelette with vegetables   ORLast thing at night - some cheeseI have eaten Pizzas and some biscuits here and there. They dont give me the same headaches that I used to feel earlier. I always walk after lunch on weekdays and try to walk atleast 30 -40 minutes daily.. walking up the escalators, not taking a seat in the train, standing while talking to people in the office or on the phone... I cant thank everyone enough for your help... I have a severely affected 5 yr old autistic daughter and this has given me more energy to deal with the issues