Okay you brain boxesWoke up this morning, head banging, stomach feeling like an alien invaded in the night.  Immediate thought:  grandson (bless him and so lovely to have him back) came into the garage two days ago with a tummy bug, could be that.  Took bgs 11.3 - oh dear!  Went to work.  For a retired lady the busiest day I have had in many years in work - trying to get a contract and althrough only a small firm felt the contract being offered depended on H&S.  Developed a H&S Policy, risk assessments, environmental policy da da, da da, da da.  At 11.30 felt absolutely empty, now I mean totally empty.  Went to Waitrose, Salmon Sandwich (£3 OMG).  Felt a little better after that.  But 36.6 g carb.  Came home, bg still high still around the 11 mark.  Went for a walk around the block - down to 7.  Took hubby out for a birthday dinner.  Had steak, CHIPS, CHIPS YES THE DEVILS FOOD.  One glass of Pinot, took my BGs when I came home.  5.7!!!  Now WTH is going on.  5.7 with a meal and chips (still felt quesy and didn't give a whatsit at that stage).  Then needed something sweet.  Never bother about sweet, honestly, and because I'm a very good girl nothing sweet in the house, EXCEPT, hubby loves rice with jam so had half a slice of bread (c 6.5g) with a scrape of jam.  Feel good now.  So what the whatsit.   All I know is that our lad (40+) at work told me at about 1 pm that his stomach was churning and still didn't feel any better in the afternoon.  So I suppose we both had a little bug.  Can understand the 11.3 in the morning if it was a sick day and gosh I felt carp but how did I manage a 5.3 after a meal?  This disease is baffling!!!!!!  Anyone explain?  Sure I should know but I don't.Arghhh!Ç on: 08 September 2014, 07:01:26 PM ÈLast week I made some blackberry jelly.  On Saturday I got a jar out of the cupboard to stick a label on it and a little fabric hat, to take to my friends' on Sunday when we were going for lunch at their place.  Much to my horror it was liquid, although it had certainly appeared to be at the setting point when I bottled it.  I had also made blueberrry jam, so I took a jar of that along instead,Anyway, yesterday I was bemoaning the fact that my blackberry jelly hadn't set, when one of my friends suggested that I get some cooking apples, cook and puree them, put them in the preserving pan with the runny jelly and boil up to setting temp again.  My hostess gave me a bag of cooking apples from her orchard, so today I set about re-boiling everything.  Just as the temp on my jam thermometer reached setting point and I needed to act fast and get it in the jars...... I'm hypo!  Fantastic not... right when you have boiling jam!  Fortunately J had just come in from work, so he took over and got the jelly into the prepared jars.... and after a couple of glucose tabs I got to lick all the spoons, scrape out the pan and finish off the small amount that was left after jars were filled.  Yum!  Some hypos have silver linings LOL!