*creeping back in with a very sheepish look*The longer term members might remember me - I used to post over on the old board, yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaars ago... and then my postings tailed off - mostly because I started an undergraduate degree, moved cities, and was so busy that something had to go and it was this (along with the other online stuff I used to do!). Since then I've finished my undergraduate degree (graduating with a first last summer) and started a postgraduate degree, bought a house and moved, lost my dog (old age), applied for a hearing dog, completed and submitted an article to a journal and completed a research project... and that's all just in the last year!The last six months have been the absolute worst though, the stress has been unbelievable and the net result was that the good practices slowly began to slip and the diabetes began to get worse and I just did my usual head-in-the-sand thing.Until today. Kick up the bum time. Hb1Ac was 9.3, and blood pressure was 130/100. Cholesterol wasn't great - 4.6 (HDL/LDL/Tris/Ratio: 1.0/2.0/3.5/4.6) and the weight has crept up too, from 95kg at my lowest (when it was under control n stuff) up to 110 a year ago (its at 107 now). About the one plus is that my microalbiminurea was normal, and I felt every damn tickle from the torture tool the nurse used on my feet. So, no visits from the O'Pathy sisters, but I know I can't continue this way.I'm seeing the doc tomorrow: nurse has warned me she may want to stick me on gliclazide (sp?) for a while to kickstart my pancreas into action. Fortunately I suspected the results would be bad and I fished out my old books and notes to take with me. This is a new surgery (house move) and the first time I'd had tests done there, so I could prove to her that I know what I'm supposed to do, just have difficulty in doing it! She's cool with me doing a lowcarb diet, so i just need to see what the doc says tomorrow and knuckle down and do it. Nurse did suggest that the doc may be happy to do the gliclazide for three months while I get the diet under control and then if it sorts out the numbers a bit come April, take me off it again. So there's hope!I also know I can't do this alone. So. back to basic steps - and that means standing up, AA style: "I'm Kethry. I'm a Diabetic. And I've fallen off the wagon BIG time."    Hope you guys will welcome me back...  kethp.s. for people who don't know me from adam, I'm a 42 year old woman, type 2 diabetic.