Combatting Diabetic Denial? Please advise...Hello,I've come here hoping that you may be able to offer me some advice   It might be long, so I apologise in advance but please bear with me as I really need your thoughts and advice on this...My Dad is 67 and was diagnosed with Diabetes Type 2 nine years ago. It took him a while to get himself to the Doctor and when his results came back, he was shocked to be told he has Diabetes. He also had very high blood pressure and cholesterol and the Doctor he had at the time told him he was 6 months away from death at that point, without treatment. He was prescribed Metformin and medication for high blood pressure and cholesterol and he continues to take these 9 years on (although in the 9 years, the dosage has been upped and upped to the point that he is now on the maximum).The reason I am asking for advice is because, although he didn't appear to be having a hard time accepting this diagnosis, it has been extremely hard work getting him to acknowledge, understand and manage his condition properly ever since. He is my Dad, I love him very much and I want him to be around in good health for as long as possible, so since his diagnosis I have been there supporting him to understand and try to manage his condition sensibly. However, he makes everything such hard work and now 9 years on, his mismanagement is starting to have real consequences to his health. For example, his latest diabetic retinopathy screening reveals that he has now started to show the early stages of this and lumps have started appearing on the palms of his hands, which I am worried are the start of Dupuytren’s Contracture. I can’t help but feel that if he managed his condition properly, he may not have these symptoms yet…The problem is his attitude to his diet - he wants to continue eating what he wants, when he wants (and often does). He has a sweet tooth and indulges this on a daily basis with various things such as chocolate, biscuits, cake etc. - I have lost count of the times I have explained to him what the excess sugar in his blood is doing to his body but he just refuses to take this in. A few background pointers to try and reduce the length of this post -• His blood sugar has always been high, due to the fact that his diet is poor (he won't eat vegetables for example) and he eats too much sugar. • He has a blood monitor but he refuses to use it because he says the readings it gives 'are not accurate so it is a waste of time'.• He lies at medical appointments, giving them the impression he is a ‘model patient’ by doing things such as filling out his blood monitor record book with false readings that sit where he should be (between 6-8 mmol/l).• When he has his HbA1c he will cut down his sugar intake for 12 weeks before the blood test and carry on as normal afterwards, which obviously gives them a false reading.• He was told last year at his last HbA1c appointment (which he had without warning so could not cut down 12 weeks beforehand) he might have to start injecting insulin if his blood sugar continues to be too high. They think he eats a diabetic diet so can’t understand why his blood sugar is so high…!• Was diagnosed with Prostate Cancer last year and had a radical prostatectomy. In his pre-op assessment he was told his blood sugar was too high but they went ahead and operated on him anyway because the cancer was quite advanced and at risk of spreading. • Anaesthetist came to see him post-op and told him they nearly lost him on the operating table due to his blood sugar levels becoming dangerously high during the operation. She told him that had the operation been for anything else, she would not have operated. • Had radiotherapy following his operation and said he would ‘use it as an excuse for high blood sugar ‘at his next HbA1c appointment.• Told off by Nurse at his latest HbA1c appointment for having very high blood sugar again. Told he has 8 weeks to lower it, another appointment made where he might have to start injecting insulin.He is currently on 850mg Metformin x 3, glipizide (not sure of dosage), ramipril (not sure of dosage), statin (not sure of dosage) and an aspirin daily but I don’t think this is managing his condition anymore and I think he needs to move on to insulin injections. He has lost weight and is urinating more, which he has put down to having his prostate removed, but I think it’s his body getting rid of the excess sugar in his blood, which is not turning into fat, hence the weight loss. His blood monitor reading last night was 20 mmol/l. How can I help him face up to the damage he is doing to himself so that he starts to take his diabetes seriously before it is too late? I (and other well-meaning family members) have all told him how the excess blood in his system is damaging his organs (he has been told his kidney function is already reduced) and how important it is that he monitors his blood sugar levels and eats well. I think for the past 8 years he has managed to somehow ‘get away’ with it and not have too many problems (which in turn reinforces his thinking that he is managing his condition OK) but now I think it is starting to ‘catch up’ with him. If you have any thoughts, or advice on this I would be very grateful. I am the only person he mildly listens to, so it falls to me to ‘nag’ him about his diabetes but I am feeling like this is dominating my relationship with him  Thank you for reading  