CFS, fibromyalgia, diabetes thyroid, anxiety and stressI am a type 1 diabetic with an underactive thyroid and have been diagonosed or rather told i have CFS and fibromyalgia two years ago. I am always tired, i can ;t concentrate and have terrible brain fog. when im not sleeping or resting i try to get the basics done but get exhausted very quickly. when i try to go for a walk i can end up hurting quite easily...sometimes i feel like my hips have been pulled out and put back in and i can get immobile....sit for a while and then i can get back up again. i'm fed up of feeling so weak and useless and just holding up my arms to hang washing can be a big task depending on the day....i can manage more some days......i ache and i;m tired.....i've been trying to lose weight too as i need to but very unsuccessfully and that really has got me down...im uncomfortable and want to make it better but don't know what else to do. have been referred to pain clinic but the wait for each stage is very long and it seems its a talk about it approach to manage your condition. I am confused as im sure the dr's are if they were to admit it....fibro, CFS diabetes and thyroid issues could give me the same symptoms so how do i know which one is really is and who do i go to for help? i have brittle diabetes and am insulin resistant...my diabetologist won't consider a thyroid change as its not the norm or necessary.....where as i've done my research and there are potential benefits.......what if i could eliminate these symptoms....i could work and get my life back...I have also had terrible anxiety and a lot of stress in recent years which i am sure contribute to all of this....i've done councelling, EFT, antidepressants...for years now i have been aware that in going for a walk i feel like i have been injected with lead and i feel so heavy and exhausted and unable to continue...have had to of course to get home but felt very unwell with it and then just slept!I also have IBS and have recently been put on creon, an enzyme to replace the one i don't have any more?.thoughts advice anything....thanks