Consultant VisitSaw the consultant this week, He was pleased with my a1c reduction to 7.5% and cholesterol being 3.7, and pleased that i'm stopping the SSRI - sertraline. BP was high at 135/85 ish, and pulse 105, but it's always under 120/70 and 60ish pulse usually in pharmacy so thats not a problem, and i'd only just taken my beta blocker whilst dashing in for appt. So we focused on discussing weight loss. How taking less insulin will help with weight loss, but to do that with good blood sugars i will need to increase exercise, which is also good for weight loss, so long as i can do it without hypos etc. I talked about how i've stayed clear of adjusting my basal for different days/activity patterns, as the tresiba lasts 3 days so if it takes 3 days for changes to work through then there is really no point having less at the weekend as it will just not work in time for the weekend, and then i'd have less working during the week.  Which puts me off exercise, as it seems pointless when i have to then eat sugar to avoid hypos. He suggested i just adjust the dose and see what happens. Which surprisingly i had never even considered.  So i'm trying 25u Sunday-Thursday nights and 20u Friday-Saturday nights. His thoughts were that the dose working through slowly over three days will just create a gentle curve in levels of basal working where it dips over the weekend then increases again during the week. It hasn't got to a weekend yet so i will see what happens. I hadn't thought of that as a possibility. We also reduced all my ratios, (which i'm sure i'll lose track of soon enough - annoying libre feature is that it can only cope with one set of ratios so i've put in weekday ones). Ratios centre around 1:10 on weekdays and around 1:12 on weekends. Some variation in there by meal, but i was using 1:5 ish previously, and whilst i was getting really rather good results wthout lows unless i exercised, we made changes as i wanted to introduce more exercise without having lows, and the tresiba isn't exactly the most flexible of basals. (I do have great overnight bgs on it though so am staying on it.)I've completely dropped my sertraline over the last two weeks and have just had my second day with 0mg. I've had some withdrawal symptoms, which have increased over time, (dizziness and headaches mainly) but hopefully they will settle down. Increased anxiety too but hopefully thats just a withdrawal symptom. A pleasant change since stopping the anti depressant is a reduction in appetite, which can only be a good thing!All in all, it was quite a useful appointment. I'm taking much less insulin, blood sugars are higher, but not hugely so. And hopefully the less insulin, lower appetite and more room for exercise will mean weight loss will finally start happening. Already has this week at least.