Diabetic symptoms in feet and hands?Hi all. I was diagnosed diabetic a while back, but then I lost a couple of stone and based on my Hba1c(?) being low, the doctor perhaps irresponsibly told me I don't have it any more and took me off medication. Although I never put back on all the weight I lost, I drifted back into old habits somewhat. And now I'm getting some symptoms I think are probably diabetes related. Fasting blood sugars have been ok and I get a result on a new Hba1c test tomorrow but still, I'm very worried and scared about these symptoms.They are quite different in my hands and feet. My feet have very small muscle spasms going on almost continually. These are not really painful, just irritating. I went for a 3 mile run today and afterwards my left heel is a bit sore, and this has been happening before. There can also be some very low intensity-pain 'spikes' in my feet occasionally.My hands, well, it only tends to happen when I sleep, but a tingling starts coming up from the wrist. Sometimes this wakes me up, and I can relieve it by flexing my hands. It seems that if I do not wake up, this tingling progresses to numbness, which is relieved in the same way (without going back through the tingling stage though, I just move my numb hands/fingers and the feeling returns). A couple of nights ago it was quite scary, it had progressed to the numbness stage but there was also a very deep and fairly painful throbbing in my hand. It took a ilttle while but I eventually relieved it through flexing my hand again.I will also mention here that I am getting the muscle twitches under my right eye, and I sometimes feel like I am experiencing the tiny little 'spikes' IN my eye, which is obviously very worrying.I mean I have half a mind to keep Dignitas on speed-dial here. I'm really worried about my health. One other thing is that after the pulsing numbness that one time, I am sure there was some discoloured skin along the side of one of my fingers on that hand, which I picked off (sorry to be gross). I don't know if that is directly related. I'm doing quite a lot to change my lifestyle to try to limit complications, but I was operating under the assumption I'd beaten diabetes for a little while and now worry that has set me back. These symptoms have come on so suddenly. Anyway, I'm not suffering terrible pain or anything like I have heard described here (and beaten by some people, I'm relieved to say), but I'm scared this is the start of something leading to that.Anyway like I say I'm off to the doctor tomorrow, and I intend to book another eye appointment, and I also have an appointment with a nerve specialist to see if I have carpal tunnel (referred by the Doctor who said I 'didn't have' diabetes any more) but I thought I'd drop by here to see what the community thinks of all this. Is it diabetes? I'm only 35 and I really miss the carefree approach to health I had up until my original diagnosis. Finding it very hard to deal with all of this psychologically.