Prodigal daughter................Hello All,Some of you may remember me as Margaretindevon, who subsequently moved to Northampton. I was a member of this list several years back, as was my son who was known as Biggles. A few of you may have met him at one of the get-togethers. I rather fell by the wayside as my late husband suffererd from an aggressive form of Dementia called Lewy Body Dementia, and I was his sole carer. Trevor died two years ago this coming December 29th, after two absolutly horrendous years that I would not wish anyone to have to go through. During this time my eldest daughter was diagnosed with Hodgekinson's Lymphoma, but has now been clear for three years. The February following his death I fell badly going into a pub............I hadn't even had a sniff of the cork, which added insult to injury....... and broke my ankle and leg rather badly, ending up with a rod inserted and screws and plates in various places to hold it all together. I went out for lunch and was gone six weeks, followed by months of learning to walk on the dratted thing again. I hardly need say that during all this keeping to any sort of diet was beyond me entirely, anything to do with my own health rather took a back seat. When I consider what I ate it is nothing short of a miracle that my Diabetes stayed stable, my Hbaic never went over 6.5 and once was down to 4.7. However, ones sins do catch up with one eventually. Bad diet and little exercise has resulted in my putting on a lot of weight.This summer I felt anything but well, with my asthma being an absolute pest. I put it down to the pollen count being high and struggled on all summer loathing the hot weather. Finally in September I went to the Dr who did blood tests and discovered my Thyroid gland is underactive, which, when I looked it up on the internet explained a lot of things, paricularly the losing of my balance and staggering about like a cow with grass staggers!! My cholesterol is up and also my blood pressure. So, I got a lecture about looking after myself and have been prescribed Thyroxine, Simvastatin and Ramipril on top of all the other stuff I take. I am very anti-statins, and remembered from being on this forum previously that there are ways and means of reducing your cholestrol by diet, and there is no doubt losing weight would benefit me, not least in my self esteem. The trouble is I have no will power!! I am not a "foodie" person, it is considered by me as a neccessary evil in order to keep body and soul together, and living on your own does not help, it all becomes too much effort. The question is at 77 years old is it worth making the effort and denying myself the things I like? Exercise and I have never been friends, and with two crumbling vertibrae in my lower back walking for long distances is not on. On the other hand I would hate to end up like some of the poor souls in the nursing home where Trevor finally had to go, and if making the effort would keep me out of there, then I am willing to try. So far I seem to have kept all my marbles, though there were times when I wondered if it was Trevor or me!! So, I thought I would ask what people thought about all this, and if they have any advice, as I was very grateful for all the support Biggles and I received when we were on here previously.Sorry if this comes over as a "poor me" diatribe, it was not meant to, I truly do wonder if making the effort is worth it at my age.Margaret