I feel like I'm beyond helpHi I'm new to the forums. I've struggled with EDs for a really long time but it's been really bad in the last 2 years after 1 year of recovery. Pre-recovery I was anorexic and bulimarexic and exercise addictafter living being overweight for a very long time and then losing weight healthily. Unfortunatley that healthy weight loss method went out the window and the EDs took over. I recovered for 1 year and then started grad school and got into a really really bad relationship. It started with anorexic behavior coming back and then slowly the bulimia came back. I started losing weight and I loved the attention and feeling in control and superior to everyone around me. The anorexia got worse and worse as my relationship got worse and my weight decreased. Then my BF and I broke up and I just kept losing weight and getting further and further down the hole.Then when school started back (my BF and I were in the same program and it's less than 100 people so I had to see him everyday, he was a really abusive, angry alcoholic) something snapped (I think I was so physically hungry too) and I just binge ate one day, more than I'd ever eaten in my life and I of course tried to purge and promised I'd never do it again but the b/p behavior has continued this entire year, the binges getting worse and worse. I've gained a lot of weight (some that I needed to gain but the rest in unnecessary and unhealthy) from all of the binge eating and want to stop because it makes me so depressed and feel terible about myself but I feel powerless and like I will never ever be able to stop binge eating and purging.I've tried therapy, getting on prozac, changing my routines, going back to my routine, talking through all my feelings, keeping nothing in my house or keeping everything in my house Nothing seems to work and I'm starting to feel desperate and beyond help and like I'm doomed to live this life forever. I'm supposed to start a new job in a new city soon but I can barely get through a day without b/p and I don't want to carry this with me to a new job.I feel hopeless and worthless, like maybe I'm not meant to get better or have done something to deserve this.Does anyone have any advice for working towards recovery as a recovered anorexic, binge eater and bulimic?