Telling My Parents and Getting HelpMy name is Lindsay, I am 19 years old and I have Binge Eating Disorder.I had a bad house fire when I was 7 years old, which I believe first triggered my eating disorder, and ever since then I've remembered sneaking food from the kitchen. It's gotten progressively worse over the years. It got to the point that I would binge an incredible amount of food in my room and hide it from my parents because if they ever found anything they would always comment on how bad the food was for me and how I really shouldn't do that, and would make me made me feel even worse than I did before. They still sometimes out of the blue will make comments about that kind of stuff.I just finished my sophomore year at college and my eating disorder has progressively gotten much, much worse while I was there. I started restricting my meals last year, but would binge almost everyday. I had to run a week-long dorm wars type event at my university and the restricting got really bad. After that week and being out of control during finals week, I realized that I couldn't take it anymore and that I really needed to take better care of myself and get help.Since then, through a lot of effort and a change in mindset and attitude, I've done much better and have been working very hard on my own recovery. I haven't binged in 2 weeks, which is the longest time I've ever gone in my life.The reason why I'm posting on here is because I really want to get help, but I'm not sure if I should tell my mom yet or not.I am home from college working at home for the summer and want to go back to therapy to get help very badly - I used to go because I had very bad anxiety (PTSD) from the house fire - and I could probably tell my mom that I want to go back to therapy for anxiety again, but I also kind of want to tell her the real reason why I want to go. I do have a few reservations though, however:- She often makes side comments on my clothes (about not wanting to continue buying clothes for me every year because I'm gaining weight). She is constantly commenting on what I eat, and doesn't understand that sometimes my choices are substitutes for a binge - yes, it might not be the healthiest choice, but it's the healthiest option for me right now. Someday, I hope I'll be able to go straight for the healthiest choice, but right now I need to have the option I've chosen.- Any of the very few times that my parents have found the wrappers of my binges, they've told me how unhealthy it is and how it's not okay. They don't understand yet that I have an eating disorder, but I'm worried that this will become more frequent after they realize that I do (I don't think it will, but my disordered mind is telling me otherwise).- Even though I'm 19, my parents, especially my mom, can be very controlling sometimes. She doesn't consider me an adult, and with me being the oldest of three daughters, she sometimes still treats me like my 16 or 12 year old sisters. I'm worried that with being around all summer and telling her that I have the eating disorder, she will latch on and CONSTANTLY check in with me about it. Not only will this be incredibly annoying, but it will probably make me want to binge even more. I'm also worried that instead of giving me more independence and treating me more and more like an adult, this will reaffirm to her that she needs to take care of me and won't give me the space I need.Do you all have any advice or personal stories about telling their parents? What do you think that I should do? Sorry for such a long post and thank you all in advance!Stay strong,Lindsay