2 WeeksHi, I'm new. I just started in an outpatient recovery program 1 month ago, was diagnosed with BED (subset BN), and began treatment 2 weeks ago. While I have binge-free for 2 weeks, I am finding my biggest struggle right now being my preoccupation with my weight.I grew up in a very obese family. I was always told that while I may look fine now, one day that would change and I would be overweight like every one else in the family. I was destined to be "short and overweight". As a kid, and even as a teenager, I didn't think much of it. I ate "normal" and didn't have a problem with my weight. I just "knew" that one day I would be overweight and I just waited on it.Two months before I got married, my roommate (and Maid of Honor) and I got into a terrible fight. She moved out. She kicked me out of her wedding and said she wasn't going to be in mine. On her way out the door, she took the majority of our mutual friends with her. I had to ask my sister-in-law-to-be to step in, in her place and I asked another friend to join the wedding party. I was humiliated. Everyone asked questions and I really didn't have any answers. I retreated. I had just quit smoking, so I combatted my stress with food. When I went for my final gown fitting, they had to let the dress out. On my wedding day, the dress was so tight that the zipper broke and my wedding coordinator had to sew my dress shut. I spent my wedding day, mortified, embarrassed. I felt like I was doing a disservice to my new husband. I felt like my parents were right. I was angry. I covered it up with more food. I ate so much on our 1-week honeymoon, that I came home a different size. Over the next few months, the binges started. I was stuck in a cycle of depression and binges. My husband had no idea. I hid it from him. In the 6 months since my friend walked out, I had gained a significant amount of weight. I started avoiding all social functions. I called in sick to work when my husband was out of town. I literally shut myself out from the world. My husband and I discussed my rapid weight gain. He suggested that I stop birth control. When that didn't help, I started a diet. And that began my years and years of dieting and bingeing.Every year, I lost a decent amount of weight on an a restrictive diet and then either got pregnant and gained weight or just went straight to bingeing. Even when I got caught, I lied my way out of it. My husband was very confused. The person he saw was restricting food and exercising heavily yet I was still overweight. When I finally decided I needed to tell him, was when our 5-year-old daughter walked in on me as I was purging. I was able to convince her that I just had a tummy bug, but that day I realized that I didn't want my 3 daughters to see this. I didn't want them to be part of it. That night, I told my husband everything. On the one hand, he was shocked. On the other hand, he was relieved because he had been so confused for years. We agreed that I needed to find real help immediately.It's been almost 10 years since I started bingeing. I have been binge-free for 2-weeks. While I don't feel guilty for the foods I am eating, I am struggling to be okay with the person in the mirror. I don't feel that the image I have of myself is distorted. While I do suffer from an ED, I am overweight. I am struggling to stay off the scale, even though all it does is depress me. Looking forward to the future though.