Beginning StagesI've never reached out to a forum with anything, but I am realizing I have a problem beginning that I feel is going to get much worse. I've been struggling with my weight since I was a teenager. I would skip meals for the day(sometimes days) but I never really lost weight because I would give in and eat. I knew I wasn't really overweight and accepted it to an extent, even I still was concerned and preoccupied with my eating habits. For a while this slowed down and wasn't as big of a problem as I thought, I kind of stopped actively starving myself for about a year and half or so and thought less about my weight.For some reason now in the past year, I think about it more than ever, and I am concerned constantly about my weight. I think about my weight multiple times every hour, its one of the first things I think of when I wake up and definitely the last when I go to sleep. I skip meals when I feel heavy and when I feel small, even though I am truly small and I know I'm not overweight. It's a horrible conflicting feeling because though I know I am not considered fat or overweight in reality, I truly believe I am now, and I weigh much less than what I weighed when I first began having these thoughts in high school. In high school I would look at my body but what I feel now is much different, I am truly believing I am so big even though I am small. I can tell that this is an honest feeling that I truly feel constantly, unlike when I was in high school.My coworkers and mom have noticed my weight loss, and my mom has become concerned that I am sick with something, since she doesn't really know how often I skip meals. It has been almost a year now where this has been getting worse, and I am now noticing a decreased appetite, and even though I won't eat for the day, I rarely feel hunger pangs. When I do feel them, I tend to ignore them. Food is quickly becoming more and more disgusting to me and unenjoyable. When I decide to eat, I spend a long time contemplating what I should eat, because I feel like I should eat something enjoyable when I allow it, in a sense I don't want to "waste" my meal on something that isn't good or satisfying because I know I won't allow myself to eat more. Sometimes this backfires and I will eat way beyond the point of feeling full. I start to feel sick, but after a little time has passed I eat more. I will eat a days calories in only a couple of hours. This makes my efforts almost useless since my weight goes up and down around this same area. This happens less often, but I always feel so horrible about myself when it does happen. I feel guilty and shameful for giving in and eating at all.My boyfriend has issues with this too, but not to the extent mine is (or so I think. Sometimes I believe he is just as bad as me). He is very concerned about my eating habits and is encouraging me to eat more and to see a counselor or therapist about my problem. When I am around him I think about my weight even more, especially when we lay in bed together. I feel so bad and horrible when I tell him I haven't eaten for the day, because I hate seeing him so worried. I haven't lied to him about what I do eat and when I don't, but since I eat so little now I am considering doing so--lying that I've eaten at all. I want to not feel this way, and I want to talk to someone about it, but I don't want to stop restricting my diet. Even though I don't like feeling like this, I don't want to stop even more. I don't want to lie to my boyfriend about eating when I haven't, but I feel like that is what I'm to the point of doing. I don't like when he makes me eat. When he's not around, I usually don't eat until I get a text from him to ask me to please try to eat something. I eat a little bit because I feel obligated to. Even when I want to eat something I feel I shouldn't and contemplate it for a long time. Even now it is almost noon and even though I know it's time to eat, I am still sitting here not wanting and refusing to.I don't know what to do now, though. I want to not have this control all of my thoughts so often but I can't stop thinking about it and restricting my diet. How can I start to accept this? It feels so impossible at this point. I feel that even if I go to a counselor I will still feel the same and nothing will change. I'm beginning to get very upset and sad the more it's being brought up, I wish that no one was concerned. I feel guilty for eating, and I feel guilty for my loved ones when I don't.