I'm at a lossI am 27 years old and have been struggling with an ED since age 16. I have been to treatment on two occasions. The last time I was inpatient was in 2011, after a psychiatrist (who specializes in eating disorders) I had been seeing suggested it was the only option for me at that time. A lot transpired throughout the few years that followed up until now, and after moving a few times, I've made my way back to the city I prefer. I saw a few psychiatrists and nurse practitioners in the past few years, but decided it would be best if I went back to the psychiatrist I had been seeing in 2011. Their office has a dietitian and therapists that work with the psychiatrist who owns the clinic. I started seeing their therapist after years of going without any type of therapy due to financial issues. I am comfortable with her even though we've only had a few sessions. The most recent session really scared me, mainly because I found out that the psychiatrist (I'll just call him Dr. X to prevent confusion) told her that he wants her to weigh me before every session. I am always weighed before meeting with Dr. X, but for some reason the thought of being weighed by my therapist really terrified me, because if I go below a certain percentile, he will no longer work with me. Their reason is because at that point they believe I would need a higher level of care, so I understand, however, I do feel like there is an anchor chained to my ankles. Once I meet with their dietitian, I don't know what she'll recommend, and I have no idea what weight is "ideal" in their eyes. I asked for a number so I could fully understand the appropriate weight for someone my age and height to remain within the percentile. Though I have an idea of what this is, my OCD leaves me questioning and I'm terrified of gaining weight, obviously. Nothing special about me there. Another thing that really scares me is the thought of stepping on the scale, being lead to their office only to hear them say they can no longer work with me. If a patient begins to downslide, they do let them know, Maybe I have fear associated with clinics and doctors working together like this because when I was first diagnosed, I was living with family who loved/loves me dearly, but just didn't fully understand eating disorders, so that made recovery extremely difficult for me. Also, the people I was seeing weren't exactly qualified, for lack of a better word. I guess I'm just here because I don't know what to do anymore. My boyfriend is a musician, so he often plays shows and such. I am an introverted person, but I do like to be there and support him. The main issue is that I compare constantly, and with low self-esteem and constant comparing going on at events like this, the thought of potentially gaining any weight seems almost impossible. I really want to get better. I look in the mirror in the morning and I see one thing, then I see my reflection in a store window and it's something completely different. I sometimes don't know what is going on. Its as if I'm peering through circus mirrors. I just can't seem to love myself. I've lost all interest or motivation in doing things I once loved and the only thing I feel I'm "good" at is weight management, but I know that's not even true. All I'm really doing is killing myself and hurting the people that love me. Any kind words would help. I wish friends from treatment would have kept in touch. I find they usually don't.