Telling someoneI have struggled with an eating disorder for about 2-3 years. I had several periods of times where I thought I was doing better but it got worse than ever last March after I lost two grandmothers and my father was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease, along with other stress that comes with everyday life as a college student. I've never been diagnosed officially but I guess it would be classified as EDNOS. The only people who know are my roommates because they heard me purging once a while ago and have asked me about it several times since.In December, I met my current boyfriend and since I have met him I have been doing much better. In the beginning I just started making a stronger effort to purge less because I was afraid he may notice. He also just makes me feel so much happier (not to be lame) which helps a lot. When things started to look more serious with him, I decided to really try to stop. I have not purged since early February which is the longest I have gone without purging since I started. I still have some really difficult days and will still fast sometimes. I've come very close to purging a couple of times but resisted.I have been putting off telling my boyfriend basically since I met him. I knew it was something that would have to happen eventually but honestly figured he'd get tired of me sooner or later. I just have recently been feeling like I'm hiding a part of me from him. I just feel like I can tell him because I have it more under control and it is something recent and relevant enough to bring it up. He is also a big reason as to why I'm doing so much better, which I feel he should know. At the same time, I am terrified how he will react or feel about it. I'm afraid he'll be disgusted or not want to deal with me since I'm still working on recovery. I'm afraid he'll think I'm being over dramatic and think I'm not skinny enough to have an eating disorder. I also don't want to make him worried or upset or make him feel like he has to watch me or take care of me. I'm afraid if he knows I might also become weirder about food around him and he'll look at me differently. I don't know what to do, I don't want to lose him but I feel like I'm getting more and more distant. I guess I just want to know if anyone has been in a similar situation and how it went and whether I should wait to tell him or just not talk about it? I also don't know how to go about bringing it up to him? I have honestly been thinking about just waiting till we're both drunk because I feel like I won't be able to get the nerves to do it sober! Sorry this is so long, I just don't know what to do.