Sick of foodI'm currently refeeding and have been for about 2 and a half months now. I keep to my food plan and eat the meals and snacks according to my timetable. But recently I've just been so sick of food.I’ve been struggling with eating enough but I know I have to and if I don't it'll just stall my recovery. It's really hard to look to the future when I feel like I'll just be sat at home eating for a long time to come. Also part of me doesn't understand why I have to eat so much now; in my mind, I'm at a healthy weight now (even if it's on the low side of healthy) so why should I have to eat this much anymore?It leaves me feeling so angry. My parents are out today. Normally one or both would help me prepare what to eat but today I felt ok and told them they could leave me to it. I don't know what happened but when I came to prepare it I threw tantrums over the smallest things (like where was the rice kept or overcooking something). This shows me I still freak out around food on some level. Enough for it to make me angry then and crying now. I'm so ashamed for these feelings. I know I shouldn't be. But I am.I know this is a marathon but I feel like I've been running for so long, I don't know how much longer I can do this. I always eat (because I know I have to) but I can rarely bring myself to enjoy food. If I don't feel fed up, I mostly feel indifferent. Maybe I'm feeling like this now because I feel so sad and it's all coming out of me but that's how it is. I think I do enjoy it sometimes, but at time like this I don't know.I feel so overwhelmed. Having to deal with my emotions in addition to food. I know I can do this, but it's so hard...Is there anyone else who gets like this too?KDConflicting feelingsI’m a bit scared because I can feel myself compromising in my head. I’m a healthy weight now, though I’m still waiting for my periods to reappear. But I don’t want my periods back because it’s a sign of my body’s restored health. I want them back so I can ‘go back to normal’ i.e. dieting and exercising. I never exercised excessively but I can see how easily I could slip into that. I just feel so bloated and though I try to love my growing belly, part of me can’t help but feel disgusted when I see it. It’s like there are two parts of me: one wanting to restrict, the other wanting to regain my health. They are both staring at each other waiting for me to decide which one I want. I know I want to restrict, but I should keep eating. I follow the latter because I know I should. I guess I’m waiting for that part of me to do it because I want to.Anyway, waffle aside, I want to ask: does the bloating ever even out? Or is it just a matter of getting used to this ‘new’ body?Thanks, much love to you all, KD