When is this going to end?I've never spoken to any professional, nor any family members, about having problems with binge eating. I don't normally keep track of the number of calories I eat a day, but I experience stressful, emotional bingeing episodes that leave me feeling physically sick.It began about 2.5 years ago when I sacrificed a lot of close friendships to date this guy - it didn't work out and I was left really lonely and without any friends. He didn't make me feel very loved and I often felt ignored and insignificant. I threw away years of clean eating and exercise and started binge eating and gained a whole lot of weight and lost my endurance I had built up as a distance runner. Early this year, I decided I really wanted to make a change. I was only working one part-time job at the time - this was the first time I was out of school and actually had time to focus on myself. I got back into shape and lost a good amount of weight in a few months. I started feeling confident and my clothes started fitting better.Now, within this last month, I've started binge eating again, pretty consistently. I'm not getting very much sleep and I'm filled with guilt. I live at home with my parents - we just adopted a small puppy and I feel obligated to do a lot of the heavy lifting with taking care of her. I've also accepted a new job as a field research tech, which means waking up at 4am most days. I also have my other part-time job that I mentioned earlier. I'm so tired, I feel so anxious and guilty for merely existing. I feel like my mother doesn't like me very much anymore (I don't really have a reason for feeling this way, I just do), I feel ugly and I'm so afraid to gain back all the weight I've lost but I can feel myself sliding back to that place. I'm so scared and I feel so, so, incredibly stupid for not being able to keep this under control. I want to take care of this on my own, I don't want to see a professional because I will be a burden to everyone even more than I already feel that I am.