NewHi everyone, I am new to this forum and I don't know if this is the appropriate place for this post but Ill try anyway.I live abroad and stumbled on this website through Google. I am 26 and have been struggling on and off with binge eating since I was about 20. I have always been a fan of heathy foods such as fruits and veggies and tried to avoid processed foods. I am also a vegetarian and love to be active (running, swimming, hiking ext.). But somehow, at some point I because over-aware of my body. For years I have struggled with the notion that I am overweight and that this "overweightness" makes me less of a person, which I know to be a truly preposterous notion because I feel I am very confidant in all other areas of my life (school, friendships, family, work...)I believe I am past the worst days of my binge eating, but still find myself in the cycle of regret and guilt over eating certain foods and still harbor a disturbingly large of fear of gaining weight. When my clothes are fitting to tight (even if only because I have just washed them) I feel a wave of anxiety that comes close to a panic attack. My heart beats too fast and I feel light headed and usually have to spend a few moments flaming myself back down.....so I also have anxiety over getting dressed in the morning. I know that my weight is fine and healthy but for the past year or two I have over-excerciesd pushing my body to extreme limits. I feel I am developing OCD in other areas of my life and plan everything around my food.I am posting this, because I am tired. I am so tired of hating my body. I want to love it again. I truly do. It does so much for me and doesn't deserve such harsh criticism or treatment. I am exhausted from obsessing constantly over what I put in my mouth and am search for freedom through therapy from this. I want to care less about what I eat. I want to not have it on my mind every second of everyday. It is suffocating and I have reached a point where I believe I cannot do it on my own anymore. So here I am, reaching out. I assume others of you have been in my same boat and if you have suggestions of groups or programs or anything helpful I would be very grateful. Thank you.