IOP - so many questionsI'm in my 40's, mom of 2 school-aged kids, and I work full-time as does my husband. We both commute over an hour each way to work, and somehow manage to handle the shuffle between baseball games, work, and family. My dad is in a nursing home and I'm his primary caregiver, so time is something that is very precious to me. I'm currently working with a psychologist, a nutritionist (who specializes in EDs), and my psychiatrist. I've been diagnosed with depression and OSFED/atypical anorexia with purging tendencies. Looking back, I can't remember a time when I've been comfortable with food or my body. I'm an over-achiever for a number of reasons, and one of the hardest things about how I am right now is that I struggle to get through the day and I'm terrified to impact my kids. I'm not underweight, and I use behaviors less often than previously. During my previous "bad" cycle of my ED, I things were much worse, though I've never binged. I joined EDA about 5 months ago and have a sponsor and am working the steps but am still struggling.I've been in treatment for about 18 months (about a year with various nutritionists before I found this one), and on antidepressants for about that long. We just tweaked my meds and that's helped with some of the depression. My therapist suggested I consider Walden a few weeks ago and now I can't get it out of my mind. I saw my pdoc this past week and she agrees that I should do IOP. I see my nutritionist this week and I'm sure she's going to agree. My husband does not - mostly because he sees it as a huge burden on the family. I'm very hurt by his lack of support and enthusiasm. I don't trust my own judgement because I can't tell what part of my thoughts are disordered and what are really "me." ED's voice is very loud these days.I'm a planner and a researcher (I'm a professor by nature) and I can't find out much about people's experience with IOP. My understanding is it's 3 nights a week, 5:30 to 8:30 (still an hour from my house), and I have to bring dinner. Group, dinner, then group. What was your IOP experience like? Anyone have experience with Walden's program? What the heck do you bring for dinner and how do you pack it? Did it really help you - was it worth the time?