Binge eating after anorexiaI am siting here today at the exact same weight that pushed me over the edge into my anorexia. Four and a half years ago I developed anorexia and for the last year and a half I have been trying to recover. I have read countless books and attended numerous therapy sessions, but for some reason I can not stop bingeing. When I first attempted recovery I was bingeing all the time and gained a significant amount of weight in a short period of time. After a lot of hard work I lost some of those pounds and settled at a stable weight for my height. I maintained that weight for 1 year through on and off bingeing and starving. This past November I was put on a new medication that didn't sit well with me, hated my job, and was super stressed by the toll my eating disorder still had on me. I decided to resign.For the past three months the intense bingeing has come back and no matter how hard I try I can't seem to stop. I have gained more weight over this time. This has put me at the exact same high weight that I was four and a half years ago when my anorexia started. I look back at old pictures of myself as thin and it doesn't even seem real. I feel like I have lost my identity and can't make it through the day without extreme anxiety about my weight gain and fear that I will never lose these extra pounds that make me heavy for my height.I am wondering if anyone else has ever experienced this. I feel like I am the only person who has gained every single pound back after dropping so much weight. It creeps on so fast. I feel like I have lost all self control. I am so frustrated with myself that I have been trying to focus on recovery these last three months and all I have been doing is eating and gaining weight. I feel like there is no end to this constant battle of trying to become "normal" with food and weight.Has anyone else binged after anorexia or gained all their weight back? I feel like it's impossible for me to lose weight without eating so few calories a day. I'm looking for hope that one day I will be back in a healthy weight range and free from bingeing and self hate.