What to do?I don't really know where I am in this point, or really how to describe how I feel, but I am in two minds with myself.To be honest, what I am conflicted with is whether or not I have a disorder. I've thought about this a lot and have been going back and forth trying to decide if I am "normal" or not.I've definitely struggled with eating for the past 6 years, and while my eating is not as bad as it was before, it is still a constant struggle that I go through.I will just describe my story from the beginning.I can't comprehend why but at the age of 12 was when I started to feel this way.' My cousins were overweight and when I hung around them, their parents would always make negative remarks and encourage unhealthy behaviors for the purpose of weight loss.I'm not sure if my mind followed theirs but that was the year when I started engaging in harmful behaviors. Every Saturday though I would visit my Uncle's restaurant and sleepover. Their eating habits were definitely different from my family's... Since it was a restaurant, often I would get served restaurant food. Knowing that this type of food was not the healthiest, generally, during the week I would engage in unhealthy behaviors, so I could eat a lot on Saturday and not have to worry about weight gain. Every week I would weigh myself to make sure that I didn't gain any weight. This went on for a few years, and I went through a rough patch in middle school. I lost a lot of friends. Through those years though, I never did lose much weight. In a sense, nothing had ever worked for me to lose any weight. I always stayed within a healthy BMI so I'm not sure that anyone could really tell that I was doing these things.Going into high school, I felt VERY nervous. I was afraid that I wouldn't make any friends. That year though, I joined the track team and slowly I started to make friends again. For about 2 and a half years years I stopped weighing myself and worrying about my weight as I felt confident in myself and my well being.Then suddenly this school year everything seems to have come back -- but different. I have learned to ditch some of my old 'bad behaviors' but I have learned new ones. I refuse to skip meals and count calories but I weigh myself more than I should. Honestly I think I've lost the "intuitive" sense of eating because I can never tell when I am full anymore so instead I just look at how much I am eating. I can't tell the difference between bloating and overeating. I am afraid of eating out because of the portion sizes -- I can't tell how much I am supposed to be eating. I don't feel comfortable eating food that isn't homemade. I love baking and so I bake a lot but I never eat what I bake, instead I give it away.I love exercising because of the way it makes me feel. I feel stronger when I run and when I lift weights, however on the days that I am not running, I feel bad about myself. I read labels constantly to check for the most 'organic' ingredients and look down on any type of processed food. When I eat junk food I just feel bad about myself. I feel guilty when I eat late at night because of my fear of weight gain. As I said, I run track but when I go home, I do extra strength work. I'm scared that in college I will gain because most college campus food is processed and unhealthy. I don't know how I am going to eat in college. These types of guilty and bad feelings come in phases. When I am doing everything right, I don't have these feelings but somehow I always mess up and everything cycles back.When I think about whether or not I have a disorder I always ask myself this, "does food interfere with your life?" and the honest answer is yes. On the other hand, whatever I am going through is not as severe as what someone with anorexia or bulimia is going through and that is why I am not sure if I am just making a big deal about something that is not.I'm not sure where I am going with this, but it just felt better writing everything.... I hope i wrote this in the right forum. I'm sorry if I didn't.