I think I may have an eating disorderI'll try to keep this as simple as I can but my head is going crazy apologies if this doesn't make sense.This is so hard to type even to strangers I don't know, I think I have an eating disorder. I'm 26, I live with my fiancé and three young children. I've always struggled with my weight, I was overweight as a child which followed into my teens. Not excessively over weight but enough to make me aware of it. I didn't get bullied as such but at sixth form (college) there were a group of girls who mentally bullied me not because of my weight I'm still not sure 11 years on why they bullied me but they did. From that age my confidence went, I fell pregnant with my first child at 19 my weight after I had her increased, I was happy enough didn't look at myself in the mirror or take note that my clothes were massive. 9 months after having my first child I got called the dreaded F word it was then I realised how big I'd become that was definitely the moment I knew I had to change. So healthily I started my first ever diet and managed to lose weight, I was with my ex husband at this point he never commented on my appearance we didn't have a relationship it was pointless. Losing weight made me feel really happy, the trousers that I wore months before I could now fit into one leg of! I stayed unhappy in that relationship which turned abusive I don't want to play the victim I didn't have it as bad as I know many sufferers have it. My daughter witnessed this on one occasion which is when I knew I had to get out of the relationship, he agreed our split was amicable he moved out got help for his problems I then discovered I was pregnant again, I did meet someone else during my pregnancy but this was short lived. I went onto to meet my now fiancé who made me realise I deserved to be treated like a princess. I struggled with the compliments he payed me, but I knew he loved me as much as i loved him so I ignored all of the voices in my head which are usually doing over time. A while later i fell pregnant again. During my last pregnancy I ate excessively knowing that I was pregnant I was going to put on weight no matter what so I ignored the voices again and ate all the fatty foods my body could take telling myself as soon as I'd given birth I needed to sort my weight out. When I'd had my son I lost weight again after. I maintained that weight give or take a few pounds until recently. The occasional treats turned into frequent treats I found myself eating them everyday, I've put on weight now.I've always turned to food if things got hard, any emotional hard times resulted in me engaging in harmful behaviors. But on the other hand I know it's not normal, I can eat and eat even if I feel I'm able to ignore the full feeling and keep eating. I feel so ashamed writing this but I know that something is wrong, the problem is I don't know what to do about it. My moods been affected a lot one minute I can feel really happy the next really low, I know I'm not depressed everything is related to food.I see myself in the mirror and it makes me feel sick, there isn't one thing about myself. I've hidden this really well from my family, fiancé and friends but I can't go on like this for much longer I need to do something to sort myself out. I've spent hours reading about eating disorders even taken a quiz which has come back that I have one. I don't know how to tell the people closest to me, do I make an appointment for the doctors in secret or do I tell them?A part of me is tempted to ignore this and carry on trying to lose weight ignoring the fact Im destined to fail, I have no control over how much I'm eating.When I've eaten healthily even with one treat a week my mood has been great I know this is affecting me more than I've realised before, sorry for how much I've rambled I know the first part of getting help Is admitting you have a problem which I do i have an eating disorder