When you've craved your problems more than foodand now, when you want to get help, your problem starts craving you...HeyThanks to anyone who is reading this.I've had issues with eating for the past 2 or 3 years. I didn't take them too seriously, mainly because I never believed that I could have a legitimate problem. That thought discouraged me, and kind of made me want a problem. I'd talk to my therapist and mom, hinting at the fact that my eating habits were changing. These habits seemed the plateau at one point, maybe a year into it, and while I wanted to have a problem, I just accepted the fact that I didn't (which, was strangely difficult to accept).Then, I went through a breakup last June, and things started to get a bit more serious with my eating habits. I started to give myself credit for the history of my thoughts toward food, as if I had given myself a predisposition to an eating disorder. I took an odd amount of pride in this, so the urge to keep going and prove to myself that I didn't need food to be OK was getting stronger and stronger.Just recently, after not seeing my boyfriend for a week because he was on vacation, he came back and the first conversation we had was about how he thought I was too thin. He knows a little bit about my eating issues, but I hadn't been completely honest with him or anyone else very recently, so he wasn't aware that it was still constantly consuming my mind. He started saying he didn't think it was good for me to be in a relationship because I really need the time to address what's going on with me. That kind of set me straight, and made me want to stop having this eating problem that I craved so much (notice how I said that this made me want to STOP having my problem, not made me want to START eating). The following week during an appointment with my therapist, I told her how I had been dealing with restricting food for such a long time. She knows my history with the issue, but I hadn't brought it up recently. She started asking me questions about it, and when she asked me if I thought I was getting a certain amount of calories a day and I responded that I was eating less than that, I could tell that this wasn't just another appointment where I'd talk about my feelings. This started to turn into more of an intervention, because I was (am?) in legitimate danger.While I see the seriousness of my problem, I don't want to let go of it because it's kept me comfortable (for lack of a better word) for such a long time. I try to have snacks and meals, but swallowing food, when I'm feeling even just a little bit emotionally discontent, makes me think that I've given up. I consider it a loss to cure my hunger, as if it makes me weak to need food.I would really appreciate any advice that you have if connected with my story in some way. I want to be healthy, and above all, happy. It feels like there's a lot of work between right now and that point and I'm starting to admit that I might need a little help getting there.If you read this, thanks for listening.