What's wrong with me?Hi, I am not very good at forums but I need to talk with people that can relate. I've only been purge free for maybe a month and I don't restrict as much as I use to but I still do. I am so scared to gain back the weight I lose. I know like everyone here. My friend who has an ED always says I'm not the only one struggling and I know. I just like to get my feelings out too... Another friend who doesn't have an ED says that I am just not trying hard enough. This is why I am here. To ask for advice and get a few things off my chest. Also, Id like to know how I feel other feel too and I'm not alone. Here goes:One: I relaps yesterday. I feel so ashamed of myself and that makes me want to do it again because its something that makes me feel better. This vicious cycle. I want to stop because it makes me very anxious my friends will find out. But I've never been to treatment for this and I have no clue what grounding or coping skills to use. I have plenty for panic attacks and self harm urged but my ED I feel powerless to yet, I feel I conquer my weight problem.Two: since restricting I come to find I enjoy some dangerous habits, sometimes causing me to be dizzy and making it difficult to do simpleThree: recently have gone back to my job and since I quit in December I've lost weight. Everyone is asking how I did it and how great I look and I know they are trying to be nice but I have no clue what to say and it's very triggering. I didn't realize how much I actually weighted until everyone pointed it out. I can never get like that again. I feel as if I did I couldn't live through it. I would have to be in a heavy mental institution. I go a little crazy if I happen to see my weight has gone up any. I'm just so scared I'm so scared....Lastly: I don't know how bad it has to be before checking into treatment. I want to go. I want to recover but my fear of gaining my weight back is so intense. Will I ever know what I really look like in the mirror? I don't actually think I have a disorder I feel like it's just an eating problem. Mostly because I don't know what this is. Can anyone spread a little insight? I've done so much research but talking to a real person seems like it would be a good ideaThank you for your time