To recover or not to recover... please help?Hi everybody, my name is Brogan and i am new here. I have an body dismorphia and anorexia. Anorexia diagnosed within the past 3 moths and body dismorphia diagnosed for about 4 years. I am just going to get right to the question since it is 3am here in the uk and all night my mind has been in overdrive as to what to do. I am in really desperate need of reassurance and guidance.-I will leave out numbers and things which maybbe triggering-You see, this week i had a revelation. Finally it hit me that i needed to change when my 8 year old nephew asked me why i was crying. Why don't i want to join in and eat dinner with the rest of my family and why are my family now in tears, begging me to eat something?My nephew should be looking up to me as an example, a shoulder to lean on and as an inspiration. Not asking his mommy (my sister) why aunty Brogan is scared of eating and keeps saying she is fat.So on Saturday i ate a balanced diet. Good start considering for the past 4 months i had been depriving my body AND trying to exercise with the little energy i had left. This week i vouched i would start eating more so i could regain energy to work out and be able to do heavy weights at the gym. Build a bigger booty again!Everything was going great. I was even treating myself to some fear foods! Needless to say though, intense feelings of guilt followed. Floods of tears. The usual. But none the less, I had this ample motivation to recover my ways. ...until Friday.Friday I had my check up with the doctor. The appointment was regarding my eating disorder and although my gp does not specialise in recovery, I have been referred but the waiting list is long. I have been eating a good amount this week, yet within 2 weeks I dropped another in weight! My gp was almost angry at me and told me that although I am eating more, it is still 'too clean and healthy' to make any difference and I will just keep decreasing.Also that i should reframe from any exercise. That means no gym and now I am P A N I C K I N G. She is chasing up the referral specialists so I can have guidance and a set amount of calories. But my obsessive mind tells me I don't need help and now I am denying I am even underweight. My gp says I am, but my bmi ranges as my weight fluctuates day to day. I am near the lowest 'healthy' mark, and every other anorexic patient who needs to enter recovery is so much smaller than me.So my question to you is...do I need to 'recover'? Or should in stay in old habits? I really do not know what to do. I am scared as my symptoms are getting worse. I have had no menstrual cycle for over a year now. My hands are so chipped and dry that I cannot bend them and they are constantly red in colour. I am ALWAYS freezing cold even when everyone else is hot! So much of my hair needs to be gotten up off of the carpet whenever I brush it. If I don't eat for say, 2 hours, then my body almost panics and my toes go ice cold and really painful. I instantly go moody, irritable and so so SO tired. My bones often ache, especially my ribs. My gp also told me that my white blood cells are very low. But I just... Don't think I am in a state that needs recovery yet.Its like I know in need to get better and that I cannot go on like this but already I have fallen back into this dark and morbid mind set. Bringing myself to eat more is intensely scary and especially if I haven't hit the gym. When the doctor weighed me on Friday i was less than what t i weighed today so now I am questioning whether I am really in the state needed for recovery?I hate who I have become and my mind is food oriented 24/7 and I as a result i am hurting those around me who I love the most.Sorry for such a gigantic post, I have never opened up to anybody apart from my mother like this before. I just really, really do not know what to do and I suppose in writing this to you I am seeking reassurance.