Eating disorder not about body imageMy situation with my eating disorder is one that seems to be unique and trying to find information that I feel I can relate to has been difficult. I am so hopeful there will be someone in this community that has been where I am and can truly understand what my ‘relationship’ with my eating disorder is about. Any words or thoughts or even acknowledgement that someone has experienced this disorder, similar in aspect, as I have would be so appreciated.First, I am a 59 year old woman. (1st launch out of the ‘usual stats’). I have had a number of heartbreaking ‘set backs’ in the last couple years which has left me battling episodes of depression and emotional pain.Secondly, my eating disorder is not about ‘body image’ or being ‘model’ thin but everything about emotional pain. How I deal with my pain. It is how I cope.I have, what I have named, my ‘anorexic thoughts’ & they are as follows:‘Emotional pain is not visible (like a broken arm) so does not feel to me as viable to the outside world. I need it be viable…visible. So if I don’t eat and become thin & gaunt, it is how I can ‘communicate’ my pain to the people around me.’‘If I do eat…I can hear that ‘anorexic gremlin voice’ taunting me: “Oh! You can eat! You must feel better. You must be ok, now. All must be well!” But all does not feel well, I am still in pain and therefore if I eat it feels like I’m betraying my pain.And finally…the ‘crux’, in my opinion.‘If I eat, and ignore that inner (anorexic) voice insisting that all must be well if I can eat then that means I will have to accept that actually all must be well. Which ultimately means…I have to accept where my life is right now.’Which simply terrifies me.I am seeing a wonderful psychologist. I have wonderful support. I do work at eating and trying to get my health back. I try to make what I do eat ‘count’ nutritionally. I try to separate my inner pain from my physical body so when I do eat I can say to myself: “I am eating this for my body. This is good for my body”.Ultimately, I know when we don’t eat, we are not only damaging our bodies physically but we are starving our brains. It is affecting how we think…our emotions. The greatest thing we can do for ourselves (eat) is greatest thing we fear…Thanks for listening to this old lady. xo