Not sure what to do so I came hereNot sure what to do so I came hereHello everyone! I hope I can find some help here:)(Please excuse my lack of organization with my thoughts in this post!)I've been really confused as to where I stand in this eating disorder spectrum. I don't know if I'm anorexic, in recovery, struggling with disordered eating, etc. I have a feeling I have some kind of problem though.First of all, I've never been satisfied with my body for as long as I can remember. I always had an issue with my belly, because no matter how much I would work out, I never got defined abs or a flat stomach. I also have never been able to do as many sit-ups as other people without my feet being held (which I recently discovered that it may have something to do with my hip bone structure, but still).Also, I think I've had problems with being around food for a few years now, but it used to be a lot lot lot milder than it is now.Before about a year ago, I only had a few disordered eating habits. Food and exercise didn't take too much room in my mind though.However, I slowly started to become more body conscious and I started to care more about what I ate and how active I was. I started to weigh myself from time to time, go running a lot, watch what I ate, etc. At first I just wanted to lose weight mainly for Senior Prom, and it surprised me that for the first time in my dieting experience I actually succeeded in shedding a few pounds.But it didn't stop there.That summer I went to a sleep-away camp for 7 weeks as a counselor, and towards the last few weeks, things at the camp became hectic and with stress and little time to eat and I restricted a lot of different foods and only let myself eat certain types of foods. As a result, I lost a lot of weight during camp and this made me start to think that I finally had control over my weight and eating habits. I actually did gain some body confidence, and that summer I wore a bikini without a tank top for the first time in my life (though I still didn't have a flat stomach). I thought that if I kept going, I would soon achieve my perfect body and be satisfied and happy.I WAS SO WRONG OMGEverything just started to get more and more intense, slowly but surely. I started obsessing about how much food I was eating I would need to still lose some weight but not too quickly. As I kept losing weight, I eventually tried to convince myself that I was starting to become too thin and that I should gain back some weight in a healthy way. This was my problem. I was starting to become obsessed with being "healthy," but I was so stuck in the dieting mentality that no matter what, I couldn't convince myself that a calorie surplus could be healthy.I still struggle with trying to break these habits and thoughts.I know I'm underweight right now and I don't have my period. I know I should gain weight, but I keep asking myself if I really need to.With consciously trying to rid myself of obsessive thoughts about food and health, recently I've been eating some challenge foods. But it doesn't go much further than that, and I'm still trying to get myself to comfortably eat , or be okay with not being physically active every day. I'm really really trying to reach higher calorie goals as well, but I often overcalculate my intake to stay "safe" or tell myself that I'll overeat the next day so I should save some calories or whatever. Counting calories is really annoying and obsessive and I want to start to be able to eat intuitively, but I don't trust myself to listen to my hunger cues and I don't want to lose more weight. For now, I feel that as much as I hate it and it causes me stress, I need to count my calories.Random note: I used to have myfitnesspal and I deleted it once but I downloaded it again just to have the step counter, but I realized that not reaching my step goal was causing me anxiety so I deleted it again. yay!So I HAVE been trying to get better, but I still haven't started to steadily and continuously gain any weight at all. I still question using the word "recovery" on myself or applying my recovery needs (such as calorie needs) to those trying to recover from more severe anorexia (Do I REALLY need eat so much a day to gain any weight at all??).I also keep comparing my eating and exercising habits to other people, especially my sister (two years younger than me) who eats really healthily and exercises regularly. She used to be overweight but she lost a lot of weight and was even once thinner than me, but in a healthy weight range. As for now, I am thinner than her.Ugh. This was more of a rant and ramble because I really don't know what to do. I don't know if my issues are big enough to apply to articles online about eating disorders.Sorry that my thoughts are all over the place. If you have any advice, I would love to hear it. If you have questions, feel free to askThank you for listening to even a fraction of this jumbled mess.