Can't handle it anymoreHey there for anyone out there who's willing to help me ... About 6 months ago, I started throwing up after eating.. I live alone I mean I'm a foreing student in Mexico so I live in the university dorms I have my own room .. no roomie so it is just so easy to do whatever I want in the bathroom without anyone noticing. I'm writting 'cause in this past months l have lost a lot of weight , the thing is even though I know it is not a compeltley healthy weight I like it i mean I've learned to loved it and I feel comfortable in it I try to imagine myself back when I was at normal weight and it scares me, but at the same time I am so tired, I've cried multiple times in the past few weeks 'cause I'm tired of how much time it takes away from me every timeI would eat nonstop then I will binge. Then I will get hungry and I will repeat this all over again.. today I threw up more than once and went to bed with a pretty bad stomachache ... I feel like it is out of my control , it is sucking my happines, time , peace and everything put of me. I wish I could eat slowly , happily enjoying it, eating whatever I want without counting the calories or.. having the necesity to throw it up. I don't know if I should tell my mom.. I'm scared that she will take me back to my home country to be treated there and I have to leave this University which I like very much but at the same Time I want to be free. I don't know whether to tell her or if someone could give me an advice of how to start controling it.. how to make the first step to be free.sometimes I go to bed at the point of fainting and I wake up and it is the same thing, I can't go exercising anymore since .. I'm afraid I will faint... I used to run one hour and for a long distance, I was such a good runner and can't do it anymore .I would weigh myself frequently every day, and I don`t eat too much... and I would still binge, It feels like it is like a fusion between anorexia and bulimia , I'm scared and I know I'm consious , I'm aware of my problem but I don't know why I cant get out of it even though I've tried , every single morning I wake up hinking... this is my day this is the day I will eat as a normal person and won't throw up .. but that day never seems to become a reality.