 Do I some form of an eating disorder? (Please help I really need it)Hey everyone, I'm new to the site, So here is my story I kinda need to do a little back ground info so you can kinda understand.All my life, From the age of 7, I've been trying to lose weight, At the age of 7 I was trying to lose weight because all my friends where lighter than me, I felt like I had to. Since growing up I've always tried losing weight, And I've always binge ate. When I was angry, Sad, Nervous I used to fill up my stomach, No matter my age I always done it. When I was younger I wasn't fat just chubby but I didn't want to be.I got bullied for my weight when I was in secondary school, By the time I was 13 I went to a nurse to lose weight, I was overweight, When I lost the weight, After being put on a strict diet and exercise regime for 1year I ended up gaining it back, I couldn't take it, I felt so much pressure by the Nurse and My Mum to lose weight, My Mum even suggested giving me £1 for everyone 1lb I lost.By the time I was 15, I ended up getting deeply depressed about my weight, I never went outside with anyone, I withdrew myself from my Friends My Mum used to tell , She's embarrassed by me because of my size. and If I ever got into a size 20 she doesn't wanna go clothes shopping with me. I would get badly picked on at school (Not just at home) I ended up trying to take my own life from the pressure of my weight, I felt like there was no way out, I just didn't wanna be alive anymore. After that moment, I withdrew myself from everyone, I developed Social Anxiety (I'm on Meds for it and depression). I self harmed, My whole life revolved around food and my weight, I never left the house at all, Unless I had to. Now at the age of 19, I went right up to a higher weight, However, I have lost alot of weight, However, I binge eat and purge so I don't gain the weight back, I can't stop doing it. (Been doing it for 5months) I do it when I got outside, I went to subway and felt awful for eating there, So I went the toilets when It was empty I purged.It started when, I ate so much food I guess it took a toll on my body, Because I purged and after I felt so good, And been doing it since. The last time I purged And blew my nose and so much fresh blood came out. My teeth are starting to hurt after purging they go really sensitive. I have really bad heart burn also.I constantly lie to my Mum, I tell her I haven't eaten all day that's why I have a big dinner when In reality I'm eating all that because I know I'm gonna purge. I hide food around my room, And empty packets. I've been hiding the purged food around my Room in containers. I feel so bad for eating unhealthy but I just can't stop binge eating and purging. All my money goes on food, I steal food so I can binge eat if I have spent all my Money. I constantly go on shopping trips for food, Like if I go to the supermarket, I spend around £20-£50 on loads of food.I just want my life to not revolve around my weight, & Food and my Self esteem. Its getting me down all the time, For one day I wanna not think about what I'm going to eat that day, And how I'm going to purge. I'm too scared to bring this up with my doctor  I just want someone to give me a little info do you think I have a eating disorder or am I just over reacting? Please help me Also, My Dad passed away when I was 16, (Still haven't greifed properly) Hence why I gained alot of weight, Self harm and eating was me coping with it, As I was really close to him.Also, Eating is the only pleasure I get out of life, Sounds stupid but its true 