Êcould this be the beginnings of an eating disorder?I don't personally feel like ive been doing or am doing something wrong but my partner has brought to my attention his concerns and a 2 other family members have quizzed my eating habits. So I thought I should check with people who have experience on how eating disorders can start and if my situation relates in any way.I'll start to mention that I suffer from bipolar, emotionally unstable personality disorder, anxiety and ocd. Fair bloody list I know. Not sure if an eating disorder can be a result of any above. I am 22 and from what ive heard about the illness is that it usually develops in adolescent years, so again a little hard to believe this is what is wrong with me. I just think my partner is over worrying.ÊI feel extremely fat, though im told i look absolutely fine and beautiful, but of course my family would say that about me, they are obliged to. I am constantly checking myself in the mirror and putting on the same pair of shorts daily to see if there is any weight loss.ÊI need my stomach to feel empty for me to be satisfied and happy/comfortable. Morning is the best feeling when im completely empty. I prefer to lay down because my tummy appears flatter. If i have anything to eat at all, i feel full, heavy and completely disgusting and feel like i have completely failed myself and ruined my whole day, I then feel the need to do things to hopefully rid the extra food I have consumed.I started dieting about 4 months ago but the last 2 weeks I have apparently been taking it too far. Ive been eating as little as possible. For today for example I had the mother and father in law round for belated Christmas dinner. They had the full works but i restricted myself. I haven't had much other than what I am having now, which i have spent the last 45 mins ish crying about because I feel like ive eaten alot i feel dirty, disgusting, fat, heavy and really depressed. I would be lying if i said i hadn't attempted to get it out of my system but I just couldn't make it happen so i took something instead.I hope not to offend anyone who has this disorder by bringing up my problems. From personal experience i have sometimes felt really upset when people think they have bipolar because they tick a few symptoms. So please dont think I am taking the piss im just needing some peace of mind. I would appreciate any advise, but i am a sensitive soul so please be kind.