 i am really ill and scared right now. and fear chokingim desperate to find out some information or others with a similar eating disorder to mine. It doesnt fall in to the more well know eating disorders so i feel scared and isolated. Iv always had a bad relationship with food since a child. This was soley down to my mother but thats another story and not important right now.A few years ago i started to become aware of what and how i was eating. Moving on a bit i started to think about it all the time. The texture of foods, how they felt in my mouth, the sensation of swallowing. This has escalated wildly over the years. I dont eat at all now. i cant stand anything in my mouth and im terrified of food and have a morbid fear of choking. I even have to crush up my medication and mix it in a yoghurt or i just wont take it. The yoghurt is all i eat in terms of food. I have several boils and cysts on my body. my hair is falling out. My skin is bad. i have aged about 20 years. My heartbeat is irregular. i get stomach cramp and leg cramps. i have memory problems and starting to have problems writing. I think i have written words but when i read it back iv left out words i thought i had written. i have done that in this post too. I havent had a period for five years and now my doctor says im in early menopause.Im terrified where this will end and i spend a lot of the time absolutely starving. Im now developing a gag reflex with liquids and so frightened.im on a prescription for complan and for three a day. I try to have one a day but three is out of the question. i dont want to die and i want to eat. i just cant. im terrified of choking. i cant physically swallow food. I have lost a lot of teeth because in the early years i would chew and chew until anything in my mouth was completely liquidised before swallowing. i now have pain and problems with my jaw too as i dont excercise it. I also have problems with my tongue and fungal infections. I didnt know this, but food actually has a abrasive cleansing effect on a tongue. My tongue has a permanent black coating. i have been begging the doctor for over two years to get me into some kind of therapy as i cant beat this by myself. i have tried. i dont want to be thin and i dont want to die. The main thing i want in my life is a bacon sandwich. Im obsessed with this it represents normality and life. All my doctor says is that im on the list for cbt. im going to be dead or too far gone by the time i get up this forever long list.How ill do i need to get to be a priority on this list.i really need to try and find others with a similar condition to mine. Maybe others have coping strategies i havent thought of. I need to get some nutrition into myself, and soon! Thanks for reading i hve just read this back and am now crying my eyes out seeing it all written down.