ÊPubescent changes as a catalyst for anorexia?I am just getting over an eating disorder (I hope) and I have recently read that a fear of adulthood has been seen as a factor in anorexia in some cases. This rings true for me in a sense that I have noticed that some of my eating disorder triggers have stemmed from the growth that occurs in puberty such as the widening of hips, stretch marks, and accumulating fat. These were observed and categorized as "wrong" in my young mind, and although I did not become anorexic until I was about 17, I always had the complex that I was "fat" due to the new shape of my body, though I have always actually had quite a small frame.At around 17 these thoughts were triggered by a stressful relationship and I restricted calorie intake to a point where I felt i had no body fat(though this was rarely as any living person should have some body fat) and I liked this feeling of making myself smaller. I took pride in still being able to fit in clothes that I fit in when I was a pre-teen. I took pride in the fact that my weight was lower than it even was in high-school. It is now that i have realized that as a woman, I can not be healthy to try to restrict my body into being the size of an adolescent. It came to a point to which the more child-like my body looked the happier I was with it.ÊNow that I have identified this very central factor in the downward spiral of this eating disorder that has only intensified and changed shape over the years I have come to realize the intrinsic falsity of the very base of my eating disorder. I am only 22 but I can not expect my body to remain at the size of my former, eating disorder riddled adolescent self. Through restriction and over-exercising in order to stay the size of a child and not the woman I am becoming, I will only whittle away at my muscles, my bones, and my mind. There is no future in these thought patterns.ÊHas anyone else experienced a similar pattern of thought in regards to their eating disorder troubles? I find this to be actually quite important factor to recognize for girls developing in this society of diet culture and hyperfocus on women's bodies. We are taught that this rapid growth is to be expected yet somehow it was still shocking and traumatic for me.ÊAny thoughts or similar experiences?