ÊRelapsing.Hey people. I'm posting here because I have nobody else to talk to - I've recently moved away from home to Uni, and whilst my parents know I'm a little homesick they have no idea how shit I feel and I'd rather not worry them when they think I'm doing well.I've been a recovered anorexic for almost 3 years, with no relapses. In fact my path to recovery was remarkably smooth, which is why I'm so worried now. Since being at Uni and being completely free to do what I want, I have been slipping up. Not a lot at first - I was quite strict with myself, making sure I had 3 meals a day etc etc. Then I'd start skipping breakfast, then dinner, only getting a sandwich at lunch, telling myself it was fine I just wasn't hungry. The past 3 days I haven't ate, just drank alcohol, but it feels very different to when I was sick. I'm not counting calories or weighing myself or even bothered about my weight, because I know I'm healthy. It's more that every time I think of food I just feel nauseous, I go to eat and I find myself smoking and taking vitamins instead.ÊI just feel very detached, which is a feeling I recognize because I have struggled with self harm depression etc. as well. I don't feel crushingly sad like I did when I first came to Uni and was homesick, I don't even want to go home. I mean, I'm happy here, I have 2 jobs, my degree is going well, I have great friends. I know I should be having the time of my life, but all I can do is put on an act for work and my flatmates, and when I'm alone I just feel so empty. It's very hard to describe as I'm sure people will understand.ÊI guess I'm posting this because I don't want to screw up my degree and get sent back to hospital. Me coming to this Uni is a big thing for my family & whilst there's not a lot of pressure per say, I don't want to disappoint them with all the money we've spent. So I guess I feel like this because I feel I can't talk to my parents like normal, and because (as usual) there's a guy and it's amazing and all, but anyone familiar with an ED/depression will know relationships just don't work - the feelings of 'I'm-not-good-enough-he-deserves-someone-healthy-etc just seem all too familiar to when I was sick. It doesn't help when you're at a Uni where everybody is a rich genius with grade 8 on all instruments and plays rugby for the national team (I'm exaggerating).ÊI'm not even sure if I should be worried - maybe I'm just in a bit of a funk and I'll feel better after a few alcohol free days and some sleep? 3 days without food doesn't seem like the biggest disaster, people do that all the time when they have the flu and so on. As I said, I don't feel like I want to lose weight, I just don't want to eat.Should I be concerned?