ÊInterventionHello, I'd like to tell you a story about a very pivotal moment with my struggle with an eating disorder.ÊIt was the day that my sister staged an intervention with my parents. My sister organized the intervention with my best friend and aunt who she thought would be good because she's an educated woman.ÊI walked into work the way I did every other day only on this day my family was sitting there with my sister, best friend, and aunt. I immediately felt defensive but did not want to add fuel to the fire and sat down and listened.I listened as my sister talked about how much she worried about me and my behaviors and my aunt launched in with her own understanding of the dis-ease (anorexia / bulimia)ÊAt that time in my life I was dealing with a lot of anxiety. There were many changes unfolding in my life. The dynamics of my friendships were changing as people went off to school and I was feeling very lonely. I have solace and comfort and inspiration in yoga and knew that my habits would sooner or later become an obstacle in my practices as I felt when I was getting weak.you see there is always a voice inside our minds that is whispering for health, waiting for you to join forces with that tiny little voice in your mind that wants you to choose a life of vitality and joy.on the day of the intervention as my sister, best friend, and aunt gave there very emotional testimonies, i felt defensive because in my mind i knew that this was not a life i wanted for myself. The only person who seemed to meet me in any dignified way was my father who sat there quietly, unphased, containing all the emotion around him. His ability to sit quietly through the storm was really special to me because he seemed to be saying, I know this is not you, and that you are dealing with many emotions, find a way to sit quietly with them and observe the stillness amid the storm.ÊMy father is a martial artist and I grew up observing his commitment to his practice and the benefits it provided for him. An optimistic outlook on life a steady attitude during emotional situations. He was very very good at containing the emotions and allowing them to surface and than dissipate without adding to the fire. He of course, could not 'save' his daughter from experiencing her own inner struggle, as each of us do, no parents can. We all suffer in different ways and seek out ways to help deal with the pain (that we often cannot identify). We just have a sense that something isn't right.ÊAt that time in my life I was very obsessed with my body image and feeling 'too fat'.ÊYoga provided me with an opportunity to learn to experience my body in new ways and to engage in a mind/body experience that promoted health.The most important aspect of this post that I want to re-iterate is that when we are struggling with an eating disorder or other behaviors that seem to alleviate emotional pain even momentarily; it is important to know and recognize that there are ways of dealing with the emotions in effective ways.Google great sages, masters of the mind, and listen to stories of those who have mastered there minds. Look around your own family even, a grandmother who seems to abide in a state of peace and stillness.....there is something very special about noticing that there are other ways of being and that the dis-ease has simply hijacked life in an insidious way.....