ÊCourage - Resistance of fear, Mastery of Fear not Absence of Fear.Well thats it guys , ive been admitted into hospital . As it stands its just a normal hospital as they are going to try and resolve my health complications befor i am later transfered to an eating dissorder clinic. I will be spending my birthday on bed rest and in hospital , im so past caring though. Im to tired to be botherd with anything. My weight and health is running my life, no actualy im ruining my life. Ive done this to myself my obsessions have taken control and finally i cant even find the strength to run.ÊThe doctor says he doesnt know how ive still been managing to stand, i dont think he gets that i kind of havent. Ive developed a low blood pressure, i have been having seizures regularly lately and they think that this may be a perminant think that has now developed as a result of starvation. I have also become quite "dangerously" anemic or whatever that means. My insides dont really work properly i no longer have a period, i have issues with going to the bathroom , well i just dont. My heart rythm has also become irregular. Im not really to wellSo theyve fited in a feeding tube and are going to be caring for me , to try and stop my body systems from just totaly shutting down and to save me from dying basically. Im not sure how im feeling right now but i need to say this and please listen ...ÊIf you are struggling right now with an eating dissorder, if you look in the mirror and see fat, if you cannot eat without feeling pain and guilt , if you just wish you were skinny - dont starve yourselves. Becasue i promise you you are beautiful , call me a hypocrite if you wish as i dont feel this way , but i can see this beauty in others and warn them. Please dont let yourself hurt like this because you dont deserve it, i promise you the pain this thinness can cause is no longer worth it. Im telling you now i have neevr known pain like this.So to all the people in this world , on this forum reading this, female or male young or old, if you look in the mirror , if you look at the scales for a moment for tonight , for me , for your own self who i promise you is beautiful , dont judge. Accept who you are because i promise you that will be good enough. Look after yourself this evening to all those who want to self harm , to all those who longer want to fight that battle for me find strength within you to keep on fighting. For tonight fight for yourself, fight for the person you are and the right you have to leave breathe and eat.ÊFor all those fighting the nightmares of demons that steal our dreams, our self belief, our hope, our childhood, our past. Stay strong. The bastards dont deserve to steal your strength, they hurt us and stop us from sleeping , breathing and living our lives, theyve helped me ruin mine. Dont let them get you ! Please remeber whoever you are reading this tonight that you deserve better you can be okay, keep fighting.For all those people who want to hurt themselves for the person they are or arent. Dont do it. Dont let that addiction tare you apart like it has me . You do not deserve that pain i promise you you are worthy of so much more.ÊAnd finally to all those teenage girls from 13 through 16, 17 ,18,19 .. Beautiful beautiful babies stay strong tonight. Dont let, the torture of mental dissorders ruin your life my darlings. Stay strong , its the hardest thing ive ever done battling with my mental illness' its literaly killing me, so i understand when you say you cant do it, and dont want to. But darling for the near future fight and live save yourselves. Use the incredible love that this forum will provide for you , i promise you if anything will help save your life this place will.ÊBe strong. Dont let go.