 New here and not sure if I'm overreacting? Please advise.Hi I have struggled with eating in the past (first time was 11 years ago and then 3 years ago) but never been diagnosed with an ED they always said it was a symptom of depression and basically don't worry about it once she feels happier she'll eatI did eat eventually but I guess never really dealt with my relationship with food and body image which is probably why it keeps coming back. So about 2 months ago maybe more I started controlling how much I was eating. At that stage it wasn't about counting calories or weight loss just about control and I liked the control I had over my body and food. Because this made me feel good things escalated quite quickly to the point where I am now counting every single calorie, completely obsessed with food and weight loss/gain, find it hard to concentrate on anything other than food, am hiding food, lying about what I have eaten etc etc you get the gist.As a result I have lost quite a lot of weight recently but because I'm not underweight no one seems to have noticed.Am asking if I'm over reacting because about a week and a half ago I told my mum (who I live with) that I was worried it was coming back and I didn't want to end up in hospital or anything obviously. I basically told her pretty much everything didn't really hold back and all she said was you're going to make yourself ill and you need to tell your CPN So a couple of days later I phoned my CPN and told him even though I don't find it very easy to talk to him about things like this. At first it felt like he understood as much as he could but then he said well I'm not going to over react we'll just see how things go This was on a Monday, he then said I'll see you on Friday to drive you to your appointment so if I hadn't have that appointment I wouldn't have seen him all week. Didn't get a chance to talk to him about eating or anything like that in the car This week I have had to really pester him for an appointment with him (supposed to see him weekly) sent him 2 texts on 2 separate days and no reply then phoned him today and he said he'll come out tomorrow afternoon Just not sure how to bring all this up and make it easier for me to talk about it Thanks for reading sorry it's such a long post think I needed to get all this out my system R xx