ÊIf i die itll be murder, itll be anna's fault.They say its bad but i struggle to understand how something can be so bad when i just need to be thin.Today i saw my doctor, iv got to go into hospital, have an ng tube in . I've got to go on bed rest for a while, i keep blacking out. They say im severely malnourished, dehydrated and stuff and that im to thin. how can i ever be to thin i don't get it. My hearts having issues , there worried about it. They say iv got to sick, im anemic too. They say that although i need psychological support their main concern now is my physical condition and being looked after for that.The doctors said that all the issues ive been facing the exhaustion the colapsing, its all because of ana. Iv got to go through tests in hospital to really see the extent of the damage. The craziest thing is i think it was meant to spark some emotional reaction , i dunno a fear or something but i literally felt nothing towards what i was told just shear numbness. Iv never felt so alone like this, i just feel like everyone is judging the choices i have made, ive been in this situation befor but never like this at risk of all these complications and i just feel like they have all been looking down their noses at me like its all my fault that ive done this to myself. Which i have its true but what am i supposed to do when im just completely over taken by all these obsessions.ÊIts a horrid vicious circle bipolar and anna together, their monsters. If i get depressed i dont eat cause im not hungry , if i feel better and eat i get depressed cause ive eat so i stop eating and then i end up in this situation. Its a battle i dont feel im strong enough to fight . Ive sat here contemplating if its really worth going through all of this if its worth the battle , the time, the fustration. I sure as hell dont have the strength within me anymore to fight it. I remember when i was younger and i was sick , i used to have so much fight it was riduclus i used to be so rebellious , strong willed . Although i have to admit half the time i think bipolar fueled that but this time , i dont have anything left, i dont even have the strength to walk around for long as i go weak , light headed and sick. Hence the black outs and bed rest.ÊIm not sure i can find it within me to do this this time. Not again.ÊRelapsing at a rate of notts.ÊMy bodies gave up, by the sounds of it it might not be long before my heart does.