 Very Poorly - The dangers of restriction and laxative abuseI am posting this to simply share a very recent experience that i've had over these last few days that i'm also struggling to process really. I would appreciate any comments although please be gentle with me as I am struggling atm - aren't we all! Well for a long time now i've been hearing the advice from my Psychologist and also from my doctors about the dangers of restricting fluids and food and abusing laxitives, but have not really acted upon that advice. Like so many of us, I have been listening to the ED and I have often found myself choosing the wrong path. I do respect my psychologist and also my doctors, I just always screw up! Everyday I never drink enough fluids and I also never eat as I probably should for fear of gaining excessive weight or even for reasons of not feeling hungry/thirsty and therefore, I simply forget. People are often telling me that I need to eat properly and drink more but I honestly do not place high importance upon my own wellbeing when really I should. It caught up with me this week when I ended up in hospital. I was admitted to hospital this week with abdominal pain and dehydration. I didn't even feel dehydrated and so that was a bit of a shock for me. The pain was terrible. At first it was suspected that I had an appendicitis and then possibly gall bladder problems etc etc. Eventually it was noted that I had a partially obstructed bowel - so painful! Although there are lots of different causes for this, in my case being dehydrated with an electrolyte imbalance was the biggest factor. I couldn't go to the toilet without getting too graphic. I felt nauseated and bloated. I felt hot and cold and almost had a seizure in hospital too (i'm epileptic) and the pain was terrible. The doctors told me what was happening in the end, gave me I.V. fluids and strong pain medications. I've also been pumped full of laxatives. The latter seemed rational but not after a lecture about the dangers of laxatives from the doctor. Anyway, it was explained that in this instance that the laxatives could help to clear the blockage and if this didn't work then I would need surgery. I was admitted to the surgical ward which was scary.I felt bad because I had basically done this to myself through my ED behaviors. It's so frustrating because in one hand I can see the rational and healthy behaviors that I should do and in the other I see the 'safe' behaviors of the ED. I was discharged from hospital today, still in pain but feeling a lot better than I was. I've been given laxatives with medical follow up. If things are not completely better with the bowel soon I have to go back in for a review for surgery. I'm scared. I must admit that tonight the pain is bad and I do feel nauseated. I just don't want to run back there too quickly. I'm feeling quite apprehensive. I am also apprehensive about what my Psychiatrist, Psychologist and other doctors might say when I see them next. I think that I just need to ring them all on Monday and get it over with. I've really messed up. Thinking like this just makes me want to purge but i can't.Anyway, I don't know what else to write. I guess i am just anxious and needed to spill. Is anyone out there tonight?