ÊRecently admitted I have an ED but refusing to recoverHi, I'm Hannah, early 20's and suffering with an ED. I don't know exactly how long for but I can tell you I'm really suffering at the moment. I have been honest with my husband and mum for the last 10 days about my ED. In the last month I have almost some weight and my weight is now classed as "underweight" on the BMI Scale. I have visited my doctor to ask for help at the request of my family but secretly I am not ready to recover. I am addicted to loosing weight, daily I am weighing myself and based on what the scales say determines my mood, the amount of calories I eat and the amount of exercise I have to do. I am constantly fighting with my inner bully, she tells me I am huge, ugly, worthless and a disappointment to my family, friends and career. I am extremely irrational at times, I burst in to tears constantly and I have become a control freak... I cannot allow anyone to make me a drink or food. I am not able to eat out in restaurants or cafes. If we are out, I will only have a black coffee. I exercise at least 6 times per week. I was swimming this weekend and I felt cramp half way through, my inner bully made me continue until I felt I had earned my breakfast in agony! Afterwards I cried for the best part of the day. My daily calorie intake has reduced a lot since admitting I have an ED. I struggle to face up to the fact I am damaging my body. I have had irregular periods for the last 4 months and I doubt I'll have one this month given the weight i have lost within 2 weeks. I am living my life in darkness, I am afraid to eat carbs and live off salads, tuna, satsumas, egg whites, veg and porridge oats at breakfast to fill me up as well as copious amounts of coffee and tea. I am extremely depressed, often lock myself away in a dark room for long periods of time. God knows how I am managing to keep a full time job with plenty of pressure. I spend alot of my time arguing with my husband over my ED. I have always bruised easily on my legs however I am starting to bruise on my lower back and the bones are sticking out. I am unable to sit comfortably and will soon need to sleep on a pillow to support my back. I have noticed fine hair growth on my body too, can I ask does anyone else suffer with these symptoms as part of their ED? Feel a slight relief posting this x