ÊI just have no idea what is going on!As I look back now the first time I ever threw my food away so I would not get 'fat' was when I was nine years old. I have always had poor body image and it's caused a lot of problems in my life. When I was 15 I felt so gross and awful that I stopped eating all together. My mom found out (Because she someone knows EVERYTHING) and told me she understands wanting to lost weight but that if I just ate healthy and exercised that it would happen for me. I started eating healthy foods but I counted my calories to the point of being obsessed. Everything that went into my body was written down. Eating became like a math problem and was no longer an enjoyable experience. I would exercise 2 hours a day and to most people it probably looked like I was just living a healthy life style but on the inside it was an obsessed with being thin.ÊWhen I was 17 (I'm now 18) depression hit me like a ton of bricks. I had all these feeling that I did not know what to do with...so I ate. I was on a constant mission to find something to nibble on because I did not know what to do with myself. I gained a lot of weight and I feel so gross and awful about myself. I have had panic attacks after eating and I have tried desperately to throw it up but I don't have much of a gag reflects and can't. I go through periods of starving myself and then periods of eating everything I can. When I starve myself I get so weak and everything hurts but I feel like I have to do it and it makes me feel powerful somehow.ÊI'm not bulimic and I'm not always starving myself so I'm not anorexic. I don't know what is happening! I just have this overwhelming fear of gaining weight. The other day my mom commented about me giving her grandchildren someday and I just thought about how that's never going to happen because I refuse to gain weight that is required to carry a child. This constant fear is going to ruin my life but I don't know what's going on or what's happening to me. I try to tell my mom something is wrong and she said "I don't really think not wanting to gain weight is a real issue. Who would want to gain weight?" She does not understand and I'm worried about what all this means. Any advice or help?ÊSorry this is so lengthy but I need to get it out there so someone can tell me where to go from here. What does this all mean? What's wrong with me? Any help is appreciated!Ê