ÊConfused, binge eating disorder or plain greed?Hi all, I am new here as I am sure you can all tell but I was not sure where else to come.Although I have a mental health diagnosis I have never mentioned anything about my eating habits to a doctor, counsellor or whatever, mainly because the only question they ask is "Are you eating?"Not are you eating right, are you eating too much or are you eating too little?The truth is with me I eat and I eat and I eat.When I was younger I could eat and eat and eat and not put on any or much weight. In the past few years though this has changed and I moved towards the heavier end of the healthy weight spectrum.However in the past year I have noticed a worrying trend and I am not sure should I be concerned with it or if it is laziness and greed.I have found myself going over the healthy weight boundary as all I do is eat, I rarely am not thinking of food the only time I am not thinking of food is because I am eating. When I eat, I tend to eat a lot, like say if I got something from dominos I would eat half a large pizza, a portion of wedges and half a garlic bread pizza (if not more ontop of this) in one go. And, usually it is within an hour or so after this I am either eating left overs or something else. But then, then for some reason I stop all this, start to eat right and even at times go to the gym and loose some weight if not more, and then repeat the cycle..... This time however having stopped eating healthy I have put on more weight in like three months, which is, in my mind disgusting, I am the heaviest I have ever been and it is really upsetting me.I want to eat right, I want to loose weight and I want to be healthy and go to the gym.The problem is I had to stop the gym as I am currently waiting physio for an unrelated matter. And no matter how much I try to eat right I just do not have the willpower to do so, I want to eat large amounts and when I do eat these amounts I eat fast shoving the food into my mouth sometimes even quicker than I can swallow. I spend so much money on fast foods and know I should not but cannot stop (my money spending is another issue not for here)I guess, I want to know tips for trying to stop this, or if anyone else is the same or has been the same.I have been thinking of trying to do something like make a large batch of cabbage soup or something low in calories but high in water content to snack on and try stop me eating the pizza and what not.People say I look fine but I AM over the maximum weight according to the NHS for my height and age.I guess I am at a loss and dunno what to do and just don't want another disorder added to the list, but maybe if I had support, or the courage to say to my doctor I could get more help.My meds and my pill do increase my appetite which is problematic as well.