ÊAnorexia to bulimia to binge eatingHi all,I am posting today to share my story and ask for advice. I am almost 20 years old and have been struggling with my eating disorder for about 4 years now. I have always had a type A personality - wanting to be best at everything. My ed started when I began to exercise regularly in preparation for an elite sports team. I became obsessed with exercise and started cutting calories. At the time it wasn't intentional, my appetite was just nonexistent.ÊAfter 3 months, I was admitted to hospital for 2 months with a dangerously low heart rate due to anorexia. After being discharged, I did well for a few months then went downhill again. While in hospital being treated for a mental illness, I got ideas planted into my head. When stress started to kick in I began to restrict my caloric intake and exercised way too much. I got so thin that I would be on the treadmill with leggings, sweatpants, and a hoodie because I was so cold. I was admitted into the hospital for four months.ÊOnce I was discharged, I still did not want to gain weight but I definitely did not want to be admitted again. I continued to restrict myself in the sense that I are next to no carbs and mostly fruits and veggies, but I kept myself out of hospital. This attitude towards ed and food remained throughout my first year of university.ÊThat summer, the binging began. But at this time, my binges were fruit and multigrain bread which just made me feel bloated due to gas but really is nothing compared to the binges I have now. As the year progressed the binges got worse. Nutella and peanut butter were what caused the worst ones ranging from once a week to three times a week. By the end of the school year I had gained weight (which I probably needed to gain to be healthy anyways).ÊIn April the binges started getting worse. They began to happen everyday and I would be raiding my parents house for cookies, peanut butter, ice cream, and would even bake cupcakes just to eat them. I would usually purge afterwards. My mom got mad at me for purging so that stopped. The binges started to get a little bit better, but then began again.ÊI have gained weight in the past 3 months. My bmi is still in a healthy range and everything, but I'm worried. I'm binging every single day, feel bloated, cannot exercise, feel sick, and cannot look myself in the mirror without being disgusted with what I see.I am fit, running about 4 times a week and going to the gym about 2 times a week. I want to try out for cross country, but if this eating pattern continues I will not be able to reach my full potential since I cannot run when I am so uncomfortable. My ed has already held me back from a lot of opportunities and I am tired of thinking about food all the time. I feel so self-centered, abnormal, emotionally drained, physically uncomfortable, and mentally sick.I apologize for the length of this post, I just need to get it all out. I have tried counseling but it has not helped. If any of you have suggestions for me,I would love to hear them. Or if you have similar issues, knowing I am not alone in this struggle would be helpful. Thanks for reading.