ÊDisordered Eating? Or something else? Need help, please!So...I am underweight. I should not weigh this little. Even back when I was younger and this height I was heavier that I am now (and at that point I also wasn't eating hardly at all), and at my healthiest weight I was heavier still.ÊI've got a bunch of factors I'm sorting through to try to figure out if I have an ED or I'm just plain odd in the amount I eat. I'm leaning towards the latter, but thought you guys would know better than me.Why I weigh so little:1. Gastro issues.Every year for the past five, I'll have an episode of major gastro issues, which cause me to drop weight rapidly. That brought me down to a really low weight.2. Diet to help with gastro issues.This year I haven't gotten as sick, I only lost probably a small amount. A lot of the reason for that is the low FODMAP diet my gastro put me on...but it's really restrictive and unfortunately makes it hard to gain weight, too.2. Not eating.Yeah, this is the part that makes me worry about a disorder or something. Because, well, I don't eat often at all. When I get so hungry I can't ignore it anymore, I will go downstairs and eat something, or go out to eat, and when I eat I try to make it something high in calories (if I'm in a restaurant, I will find and happily eat their highest calorie option - well, that I can have on this diet)...but I only have one meal like that a day, the rest tend to just be some snacks. I can really easily go a full day with just snacks and some french fries, maybe.What makes me think this might not be a disorder:I don't purge, I don't binge, I don't calorie count except to try to make sure I at least make it over a certain low amount (I know, that actually takes effort for me....not because I don't want to make it that far, but because I simply don't exert the energy to eat), and honestly if I could take a **** calorie pill every day or add some pounds magically to my frame, I would do so in a heartbeat.What leaves me confused:If it's not a disorder, I really don't know why I eat like this. Intellectually, I want to gain weight. Emotionally, I find it quite scary weighing this little (for me this is little). But when it comes time to actually eat...without help, it really doesn't happen.I *think* the problem probably lies in the past. I used to get painfully ill every time I ate due to the gastro issues. Every single time. As of last summer, I hated having to eat because it only brought pain. I don't doubt I've associated food with suffering.ÊWhat's more, my idea of how much I should eat is skewed. All this time, I thought I was naturally skinny, but I reflected on what there was to actually eat at home growing up...and there was very little. In high school, I'd have three bagels all day. Or a bowl of cereal, a small potato, and a bagel. My sister and I reacted very differently to this environment. Now if she gets food she eats as though someone might take it away from her. Me, though, I think I accepted it as normal and just learned to ignore being hungry.Energy is an issue, too. When I imagine eating, it just seems like it will consume too much energy to go make the food. If it is in front of me, I will eat it. But the act of preparing food just takes so much effort for me. I'm not depressed - no feelings of sadness or suicide or even lack of pleasure - but I do lack energy when it comes to preparing food.What do I do?Whether it is or is not a disorder, I'm pretty sure I need some help (although whether or not it is a disorder will change what type of help/how accessible help is). Because I've been trying to gain weight for two years now and, though I might deviate up or down a bit (currently I'm up), I've been stuck here, treading water and straining with the effort just to avoid losing weight. And here is not a healthy place to be, especially since I'm terrified I'll have another bout of gastro issues and drop some more. (I have no way of predicting these, and though I feel better with this diet, I certainly still get sick.) I feel like I need some buffer weight to make sure if that happens (which is starting to feel inevitable) I don't drop into lower.ÊI've reached out for help multiple times to my family, no help there. My mom would cook meals for her and my stepdad, but because I'm grown, even though I was living with them at the time and I'd begged for help, she did not cook for me. I even asked her just to stand with me while I make something to eat. Nothing. And now I'm moving away from my whole family and my friends, so there really is no getting help from them.Help, please?You guys know better than me. Is this a disorder or not, and either way, what should I do? I'm reaching out for help here because I don't seem to be getting anywhere on my own.