ÊI think i may have a problemI can't eat properly!It all started with my depression! When I get depressed I feel like I don't deserve anything in this world! It all started off small with "I don't deserve good food" (good food as in pizza, cake, sweets... basically all the 'good' comfort foods). Then my depression got worse and I started using it as a form of self-harm - I started starving myself for punishment.Possible TriggerÊ Then I guess I abused it and starved myself for 24 hours and each time I relapsed into depression it just kept going on and on to the point where I might have eaten 2-3 snacks in a week!ÊAfter all this I just stopped caring about food and whether I ate or not. It has now reached the point where I lie to my parents that I've already eaten. When I do eat food I feel extremely guilty I cry about it sometimes.ÊThe worse part is that I know what I'm doing to myself. I'm completely ruining myself and it's happening in front of my eyes! When I eat I get a terrible urge to puke so I stop eating before I have to run to the washroom. (I have not puked yet though last night and tonight I'm getting terrible urges to throw up).The last time I weighed myself was 2 years ago and I know I lost a lot of weight since then. My jeans and shirts have gotten really loose for me (I have to wear a belt with my jeans now). Even my skinny jeans are loose for me and I have to wear a belt with them too!ÊI noticed it goes in a cycle (in a span of 1-2 months). Starve --> eat a little and feel like throwing up --> binge --> eat normally --> back to starvingI've been really self-conscious about my weight since I was a kid because I always thought "I'm fat" and I really portioned my food then and tried not to eat as much. Now I realize I'm not fat at all - in fact I realize I'm underweight and I need to gain weight but I keep doing this to myself! I can't stop! I know I need to eat but I don't want to! I'm really really scared; the last thing I want is to lose my period. I will be so devistated if that happens. I'm bringing this onto myself and it's horrible! I get so upset just thinking about how much the perception of food has changed for me. I'm at a loss at what to do.I want to feel better but I don't. I want to eat but I don't. I like food but I don't. It's just so complicated. I'm just not sure what I should do right now and I feel terrible!Ê