ÊI've lost a lot of weight but now I'm scared to eat properly?I thought getting in better shape would make me feel better but all it seems to have done is make me go crazy about food. Food to me, has now become something to be highly suspicious of. I have a few 'safe' foods that I will go to when I just can't take the hunger anymore. 5pm and 8pm seem to be time where the hunger is so strong and I fight like hell not to eat, and if I do eat, I try to stick to the 'safe' foods (cilantro, spinach, certain fresh fruits, seaweed, tea w/no sugar, and maybe one slice of cheese...) and I will cook for my family but I often won't eat any. I went from 138-140 to now 129 in a month of careful eating and I am terrified to gain it back. My whole family is overweight with only a couple of exceptions, and many of them have health issues. I'm partially afraid to end up like that, and I realize I share genetics with them and also, I think this new obsession with the food is my attempt to feel better about myself, but the odd thing is I don't feel better. I did raise my metabolism, but I feel an urge to exercise daily, often multiple times a day so I can keep my muscles toned. I literally do not know how to have a rest day because I am too scared to 'fall off' so to speak. I am 5'10 so I suppose I wasn't overweight before, but I certainly was not this toned. I like the new me, but I'm scared of maintaining it and I don't know if I am taking things too far, or if the way I am eating is ok. Here is an example of a typical set of meals and snacks.ÊBreakfast: Hot green tea, blueberry (whole small clamshell), 1/2 bunch of cilantro or 1/2 bag of baby spinach, 12 chlorella tabs, 12 spirulina tabsSnack: 2-3 apricots, bunch of grapes, pumpkin seedsLunch: Seaweed, whole tin of sardines, lemon water or tea, nuts, piece of fruit. Sometimes, another meat or some eggs.Dinner: Usually nothing because my family won't eat healthy food. I won't eat simple carbs daily. I might have a small slice of meat and a small bowl of veggies if it's not cooked in sauce. I will go ahead and have fresh fruit until I'm satisfied some nights because I will not/can not go to bed terribly hungry, but I can't enjoy typical dinner fare. It has to be 'clean'.And that's it. I'm also scared to eat past 8. I actually dislike eating healthy and sometimes I get jealous of the family eating the things I like. That part is slowly getting easier because I like the changes I see from sticking to this, but I get no support for my diet and health changes from my family. My husband and daughter love to keep ice cream, cookies, donuts, chips, and etc in the house. Plus, I also feel resentful that I am busting my tail to look nice and my husband is obese and doesn't seem to care how he looks. I have to leave when he starts eating because I can't stand to watch him eat.ÊAm I taking things too far? I feel like I will never enjoy food again. I'm becoming terrified of anything 'cooked' with more than 2 ingredients or out of a package or from a restaurant. The odd thing is, I LOVE food and I'm only concerned with my health. I don't want to end up like the people in my family much the same height as me, but well over 250 with htn and diabetes and other issues, and I also don't want to have an ED either. I am craving read and butter right now, but I won't let myself have it because I had it yesterday. This whole thing makes me feel so many emotions at once and I hate so many things at once from society/culture expectations of women to the fact that I inherited crap genes. I feel like I MUST endure to stay healthy. It sucks.ETA: The waist thing is killing me too. I'm so thin, but my waist measurement is 27.5. How the hell can my bmi be 18.5 and my waist is not smaller than this? It's like men expect us to have this small waist (my husband hasn't said anything, I'm talking society/men in general) and even the health sites have in my opinion ridiculously small waist standards for all women at all heights and weight, and some seem physically impossible. I feel like mine should at least be 26 with how hard I've been working and the way I've been eating. Ugh!!