 Does this sound like disordered eating?I have a question that has been eating away at me (excuse the pun) for a long while..Here’s a bit of background..When I was about 7 or 8 years old, I can remember that I was constantly worried about my looks. All of my friends were skinny, and I was the ‘average’ one. Not skinny, but not fat either. Just chubby. I started shaving my legs when I was 9, because I was so self-conscious (I’m dark haired and I thought it was really noticeable on my legs). When P.E. lessons came around, I hated it. I was so shy and embarrassed when I got changed in the classroom. I would often leave my skirt on and put my shorts on underneath first, and take my skirt off after. I used to half-take off my top, and join it up with my P.E. top, so that no-one would see my belly. I was so scared to do P.E., because I could feel my fat wobbling around, and I was so paranoid about others staring at me and thinking how disgusting I was. I did used to get bullied a lot, especially by specific girls in year 6 who, honestly, had a vendetta against me. In about year 4, when I was 8 years old, I started skipping breakfast.I got into high school, but that ‘baby fat’ that everyone went on about never disappeared, and I seemed to only get larger. The bullying continued on into high school, and got progressively worse. I still didn’t used to eat breakfast, and eventually I stopped eating lunch all together. I was so scared to eat in front of others. My evening meal was all I would eat. I used to walk to school and back, but I didn’t lose any weight. The bullying still continued, and thus started the binging. I sometimes used to take money from my mum’s purse (awful behaviour, I know) and after school, I would spend that money on sweets, crisps and chocolate. I used to do this almost every day for a long time, and I would either eat it on the way home, or I would hide in my room and eat all of it. It stopped for a while, but started again in year 10. It stopped altogether in year 11. But at that point, I would take food such as crisps that mum had bought with the weekly shop, and I would hide in my room and eat them all. Almost always while reading, or watching a DVD. When I was about 12, I started obsessing over food. I thought about it all the time. Then came my 13th birthday. After that point, I’d found ‘thinspo’ and ‘pro-ana’ websites, and continued to skip breakfast and lunch. I started obsessing over the number of calories in food. I joined a gym when I was 16. But that quickly stopped because I wasn’t losing weight, and I was scared and paranoid about what others thought of me: ‘fatty’, ‘pig’, ‘ugly’ etc.I ‘fasted’ for about 3 days in January last year, with one of my friends. Then she said she didn’t want to be my friend anymore, and everything went downhill from there. I gained over a stone in a year, and I binged an awful lot, every single day. I would binge until the point where I felt so sick and full.Earlier this year, I fasted for 6 days, and continued after that to eat only 500 calories a day. I lost some weight, but it quickly came back.I feel like I’m stuck in a never-ending cycle, and I really want to get out of it. I am now 18 years old. Here is what is going on now:• I obsess over food on a daily basis – its all I can think about• I obsess over calories – every time I consider eating something, I am constantly thinking about how many calories are in that coffee, or in that sandwich.• I binge almost every day of the week, often in the evenings• I don’t eat breakfast or lunch, except before exams.• I feel immensely guilty after eating e.g. I had a banana and some plain yoghurt this morning. You’d think that is a healthy breakfast, but I still feel incredibly guilty and I wish I never ate it.• I have ‘thinspo’ on my phone.• I am convinced my life would be so much better if I was skinny. • I am depressed and have (quite severe imo) anxiety.• If I go out, for example, with my dad, I have anxiety over food, and what people will think of what I’m eating.I am sorry it is so long, but do you think this sounds like an eating disorder?I am incredibly scared to tell anyone about this. I tried in the past, but nothing was done about it. I am embarrassed and ashamed about this. I would really appreciate it if you would answer my question… Thank you.