ÊDisordered Eating (Trigger Warning)For the past coupole of months I've been cutting my calories back further and further to the point where for the past month or so I've been eating like, very few calories a day. Generally just a small handful of dried banana chips in the morning or a fruit cup, and then a small salad for dinner if I have dinner. I've never been diagnosed with an ED, but I have had some episodes of rapid weight loss and gain over the past 5 years, and I had a couple of phases of binging and purging that no one knew about. I was prescribed metformin to help me lose weight but my pcp says that you're only supposed to lose like 10 lbs on it, not what I have lost (and still losing more).ÊIn my view I still have some weight to loose to get back to my goal weight and I want to get there as fast as I can, and I have no appetite from not eating consistently, so I figure the fastest way to get to my goal weight is just to restrict like this. My biggest fear is losing control and binging and gaining weight again. When I was depressed and on 3 antipsychotics and got as large as I was, I was horrified, and I never want to be there again. I felt awful and I was ugly and slow and just horrible. I still am. I'm still obese, but at least I'm not THAT obese. (not that I have anything against obese people, I just don't want to be obese myself).ÊMy PCP is worried about me and I have an appointment with him today to talk about my weight loss and diet (I also walk about 4 miles a day every day). This is the first time my eating issues are ever going to be confronted and I'm horrified about what he's going to say. I know he's going to tell me to eat more, but I can't. I've tried stomaching protein bars and protein shakes just to get calories, but I either can't finish them or throw up (not intentionally, my metformin makes me nauseous). Or he's going to take me off the metformin and I'm afraid my appetite is going to go back to being voracious. That's another one of my biggest fears. I do NOT want to binge on candy or fast food like I used to.ÊI'm on a lot fewer psych meds now than when I was first prescribed the metformin, so that could partially explain the rapid weight loss. That's my psychiatrist's theory. I hope my doctor buys that theory too.I know I probably don't have an eating disorder (there are time frame constraints and weight restraints etc.) but I know I have disordered eating. I just don't know what to do, or what to think. Any ideas?