ÊMisdiagnosis?I have been diagnosed with treatment resistant major depressive disorder since the age of 18, along with an eating disorder (it has morphed many times and is now referred to as eating disorder NOS).ÊFrom age 18 on, I have experienced many symptoms. I have had major depressive episodes, commonly associated with life events; these life events generally stem from interpersonal relationships, and associated conflicts. I am plagued with constant feelings of emptiness and loneliness, even when there are people in my life that I consider to be friends. I always feel like my friendships are only "on the surface". I have identified a behavioral pattern where I enter a relationship, have a period of deep affection, and subsequently dismiss this relationship, feel empty, and break it off. I also fall in love with the idea of a person that I know that I will never be with, and torture myself with possibilities, often after just meeting said person or barely knowing them. I have a tendency to be irresponsible about my relations with partners, and have engaged in sexual behaviors in order to make them happy. I was sexually assaulted at 19, and again at 20; both were under very different circumstances, but they happened.ÊThere have been may times in my life that I have felt abandoned, the first being when I was 9, and all of the girls in school decided to alienate me because I was different. This same pattern of abandonment has occurred many times, and throughout my life, I have found it very difficult to connect with people and make friends; I have self diagnosed myself with social anxiety, which may not be clinical, but it is definitely on the spectrum. Currently, I am dealing with chronic feelings of loneliness and betrayal, associated with friendships. I am having a difficult time recognizing if this is truly abandonment, or if it is all in my head. I find that my mind never stops. I am always thinking.ÊMy eating disorder has ranged from restrictive behavior, binge eating behavior, as well as purging behavior. Over the past 4 years, it has most commonly been binge eating, followed by a period of mild restricting, which has allowed my weight to remain an a normal range. Periods of binging have generally been associated with depressive episodes.