 oral surgery triggering[FONT="Comic Sans Had major oral surgery Friday morn. I gaoned enough weight to buffer a massive loss of weight knowing there was definitely going to be a problem.It was definitely major. All my teeth removed (they wete all chipped & broken anyway from enamel not forming as a child. Impacted wisdom tooth they weren't going to bother with initially. Then one root opened a small hole in the sinus. Than they removed bony tori behind the lower teeth. Felt like I had been hit by a truck. Ibprofen helps with the swelling. Temp dentures couldn't be put in because of the extra problems caused. I'm eating soup. The protien drinks I can tolerate with Ice cream. Hard to even open my jaw to drink out of a glass so spoon most everything & it feels like JUST TOO MUCH WORK!!Only been a few days & I'm doing very well but eating wasn't something that was easy anyway when it wasn't difficult.One of my friends is my pharmacist...other is also the physicians assistant I started going to. They know my problem that loosing weight triggers more weight loss so they are my accountability friends (something I never had before)When I was married H was just more of a trigger because of the stress he caused in my life & he had no idea even how to be a H..It's no wonder after 33 years living like that & feeling trapped that disappearing into nothingness was my best option until I was able to escape after I lost my engineering career to escape into.This is definitely a challenge & one can't help but loose under these conditions. The protein drinks alone aren't ok because they forces us to drink them when we didn't finish meals when inpatient..they are tolerated with Ice cream...but honestly I don't have much of an appetite & it so much effort to take a few bites justget to a point don't want to bother except for enough food to take the antibiotic & ibprofen with so I don't get sick. Dang even hard to swallow pills taking children ibprofen.Four months healing & they may have to go back & do corrective surgery before doing the 2 implants. Needed to do this for my health but it's sure a pain & an anorexia trigger again