Recovering but binging???Hey guys, I've never done this before and this feels pretty surreal for me as I've spent SO long telling myself (and everyone else I know) that now i'm at what's considered a healthy weight I 'don't' need help, that I can beat this by myself etc etc (you've probably all been there) but it's got to the point where I am SICK and TIRED of OBSESSING over my body/food/fitness and wanted to share with anyone who listens! So I was first diagnosed with Anorexia in 2012 (aged 15) where my world quickly became a frenzy of restricting, exercising and comparing myself to ANYONE who I deemed skinny, until, it inevitably reached the point that my parents intervened and I HAD to get help.I mean, don't get me wrong I am SO much better now than I was then in terms of my eating, I eat 3 meals a day and although they are very similar and I don't like to mix up my diet very much, Its all balanced and I'm getting the right amount of food. I also exercise A LOT, I mean i'm at the gym most nights, running some mornings, basically, I will normally not go a day without exercise.HOWEVER, when I say I 'normally' don't go a day, this is because on the odd day (around once a week) I BINGE, now don't get me wrong, I NEVER binge on junk foods as these are generally my fear foods, I binge on healthy foods, but I mean I'm literally cramming this food into my mouth until my stomach hurts, I don't even WANT to do it half the time but I just cant seem to STOP, I feel so ashamed, I get so low I can't leave me bedroom, It makes me feel ugly, worthless and most of all alone. I mean I can go a whole week of eating clean, exercising, feeling amazing and then BAM, my parents are out, or have gone to bed and I can have the kitchen ALL TO MYSELF and this freedom turns me into some kind of raging mad woman who is eating like she's not tasted food for the past month! I really need help, I would be SO much closer to my goal in recovery and a healthy lifestyle if it wasn't for this obsessive binging! If ANYONE could offer any advice or support I would be so SO grateful. Just sharing with me what you've been through, I've never turned to the internet for help, only to fuel my disorder, so this is all totally new for me. Thanks and I really hope to hear from some of you and sorry for the terribly long life story/essay... I never realised how much I had to say until I started typing- guess that's always the way eh? Milly (p.s. I don't know about the rest of you but I still think about my body/food/health/fitness 99% of the time... DOES THIS EVER GO AWAY??? I seriously want to rip out my brain and replace it with cotton wool sometimes it gets THAT irritating... so yeh, thoughts anyone?!?)