Am I still eating disordered?After a few months on recovery, I gained weight. I was not underweight or close, so don't even know why I chose recovery, it's stupid for me... but I gained weight and seeing it was making me wanna purge and hurt myself physically. It even made me spend a week super depressed over it and disgusting. So I decided to start to eat healthy and lose the extra pounds (not a goal weight, yet... i'm scared of setting a goal weight and either not accomplishing it or get obsessed over it). Eat more vegetables, a bit less of carbs (but enough to allow myself to eat instead of running away from them), lots of protein and fruit without worrying about the sugar in it. Exercise regularly, but not to burn calories - to feel good with myself. That's why I stopped running, it was all about calories. I allow myself a treat every weekend, and eat so i'm never hungry and never too full, which is hard since I restricted, but restricting and fasting, came from binging so... my first problem was binging. And being full makes me wanna eat more. I'm not starving myself. I don't purge, I don't c&s. I'm just trying to be healthier mostly, the weight comes in second place, because, if i'm healthy and not overeating or not starving, i'm... happy, most times.But my best friend tells me how i'll relapse. How this is dangerous. How I won't do it. How it's stupid.ÊAnd this is where I ask: do you consider this to be reflection of my eating disorder?, because... lots of women try to lose weight, eating healthy and exercising, and they go more extreem than me (no chocolate, no cookies, no this no that) and i'm including every food group in my "diet" so I don't miss any nutrients or get weak like before, or even binge because "hmm i can't eat bread, i can't eat cake, oh god i miss cake! *binge happens* oh *fast happens*". So, does that mean that those women have eating disorders?Long story short: in your eyes, am I still eating disordered? I haven't told this to my therapist, because I haven't seen her since I started to eat healthy.