Feelings. It's hard to understand for me.I am a 33 year old male, not suffering from an eating disorder. At least, not directly. My girlfriend however, does have an eating disorder and the influence the monster (we’ve named the eating disorder ‘the monster’, for the sake of easing up communication) has on our her wellbeing, mental as well as physical, is significant. I am aware that the whole food-thing is just the result of a deeper underlying cause, I’ve been in a parent/partner-group of people with an eating disorder and I’ve joined my girlfriend on several occasions with her therapist. We also tend to talk a lot about it, she lets me in on a great deal (but by far everything).It’s difficult for me. Well, by far not as difficult as it is for her obviously, but dealing with the whole concept of an eating disorder, the effects on short as well as long term, takes its toll. In all the talks I’ve had, read and listened to, it never became clear to me what this ‘feeling’ actually is. Or rather; how it is possible rationale and emotions can be so far apart from eachother. When I feel sad, I know why I am sad. For me, my mind works like this: all emotions are real and there. It’s "just" a matter of turning the volume up or down internally to give in to a specific emotion – of course this doesn’t work all the time this way for I can me overwhelmed/surprised by emotions as well, but never in the sense of not being able to ‘handle’ it, one way or another. In my mind, there’s a strong correlation between rationale and emotions, meaning they are running parallel for the most part.My girlfriend told me that for her, however, knowing X to be true doesn’t mean she doesn’t feel accordingly, she feels Y and is having a very hard time with dealing with Y. Her emotions/feeling-system kind of overrules her rationale. Her rationale constantly has to fight to deal with Y. Y can be various things, going from feeling fat, unworthy, ugly, out of control, monstrous. Whereas X can be she knows that she has an eating disorder and she is aware of all the ‘perks’ that come with it, are inherent to.I wish I could understand how exactly this mismatch between rationale and emotions takes place and how it ‘works out’ internally. I do not have the slightest idea how emotions/feelings can be that disconnected to or be a serious match for rationale. Does anyone have a take on this? Of course, this is just one matter of the whole eating disorder-thing that puzzles my simple mind. It’s one thing to understand, it’s a completely different ballgame to actually get it. I fail at the latter and I have a strong (but quite possibly wrong) feeling understanding is essential to fixing.