Long-term, long-stretch, in it for the long haulI've been making myself sick for 11 years. 10 years ago - bet most people here don't remember that - I was admitted to hospital (and was on RYL in its form at the time!).I've been better, and I've been worse. I've been brilliant - never struggling, not restricting, not even thinking about it - for months on end. But when things get bad, I can't help but think about it. I don't remember the last time there was a week without making myself sick, even if it was just the one-off that week. It's an easy skill to slip back into.ÊAt the moment I'm in limbo - I'm overweight and massively unhappy. I've also never, ever in my life lost weight healthily. I tried in January, and ended up even unhealthier than normal.I feel so pathetic, because I'm not properly ill. I've been bad, I've been on death's door, and this is just a glitch. But I've been in the 'glitch' phase for so long - never well enough to be happy, never ill enough to be content. And I know, I so know all of the shitty side effects of being ill. I'm in a happy relationship, I'm good at my job, I can do things well and feel energised and happy - and these are all things I could never do when I was ill.ÊBut there's a bit of me that's missing, an element of control or focus I need to get back.Have you overcome it? I hope the answer is no, simply because I hope that if you have overcome it you aren't spending your time here any more - but I also hope that somebody out there has some words of wisdom.ÊThis isn't 'a phase I'm going through' - I'm accepting it as normal, and I want to regain that control and for it not to be normal. I want to recognise that feeling this way isn't healthy, and that there are other ways to get control and happiness. I've got there before, but I don't like that it's autopilot when I want to switch back.ÊIs it really bad also that my big issue isn't that I'm still doing this, but that I'm doing this and not seeing any effects (positive or negative)?Fricking hell. I was so happy being good, and now I'm so angry that I'm not.Argh, sorry folks. Words of advice much appreciated.