Surprised by RelapseHey all,I'm new to the forum and just want to put out there what's going on with me right now.CW for discussion of relapse, ptsd, and mental health issues, etc.I had EDs in my late teens/early twenties for about 2-3 years. I recovered midway through college and though I didn't always have great eating habits (i.e. ate like a typical American?) I've had a fantastic relationship with food for the last...8 years? So the fact that I'm relapsing right now is surprising and frustrating. I hate the idea of dieting, I hate how popular diets are in our culture, I hate that all my friends feel like they need to lose weight. I am huge proponent of fat acceptance. I genuinely like the way that I look.That said, I don't know what I'm doing right now.This last year was very difficult for me. It was a significant anniversary for a negative event and my PTSD became symptomatic again, then ushered in another bout with major depression (which also has not been an issue for a very long time.) I was anxious around the anniversary and stressed out with my job and responsibilities for the majority of the summer, and due to stress and depression, I was not eating enough to maintain my weight and began to lose it.The end of the fall was especially difficult and the rate of my weight loss sped up as my depression worsened. I decided to try antidepressants for the first time. They've actually helped a good bit for my depression, but the side effects were killer for a few weeks and my stomach was really upset; I wasn't able to eat much. Those couple weeks caused me to dip into the "underweight" category according to BMI charts.ÊWhen I hit that, it was like a switch was flipped and now I am actually trying to lose, or at the least maintain my weight. When my EDs were bad years ago, I NEVER actually hit the point of being underweight. Now its happened when I legitimately wasn't trying, but once I became aware of it I didn't want it to stop for some damn reason. It feels a little sickly victorious but I really don't know fully what I'm doing or why I'm doing this. At the beginning of last year, I was at the heavier end of my normal fluctuations and I legitimately liked the soft curves that my body had then. I thought I looked good. I still think I look good. So why, oh why in the last 1-2 weeks have I been intentionally avoiding food and paying attention to calories for the first time in years??If this is a relapse, it's unlike any understanding of it that I've ever had. For one thing, I'm actually coming out of my depression right now and feeling happy again. For another, whenever I am with people and they feed me (out to eat or they cook,) I will happily eat whatever is put in front of me with no mind to the calorie content or overeating, and no guilt whatsoever afterward. I have not binged. I just avoid eating if left to myself and have to talk myself into it. Seriously only for the last 2-3 weeks has this been an issue. I am not trying to hide my size in my clothing choices, though most of my pants are pretty loose.ÊI'm also getting paranoid about what I actually look like. My husband and one friend both say I look "a little" too thin. A friend I made recently keeps complimenting my body, but she doesn't know how much weight I've lost this year or that this is an issue for me. I think I look good right now. My therapist says that I look ill. So its all confusing.I don't know. I'm pissed at myself and I want to stop this before it gets worse and DOES bring my depression back. I know I'm being an idiot. I don't really know what I'm trying to accomplish.