I want my life backSo hi there, my name's Sarah I'm 21 years old and I want my life back... I should probably do an introduction post, but right now I feel exhausted and I'm going to focus my efforts on this one post - I'll fill you all in with the nitty gritty later :). I'm sorry this is long but this needs to come out ... feel free not to read I think it's doing me some good just getting it out.ÊSo a bit of background ... last summer I decided I was going to eat healthier. I was by no means overweight, I was bang slap in the middle of a healthy BMI. I was fine with my weight, I had the odd lump and bump but that was ok. But I was going into an office job after having a job where I was on the move all day long, and so to prevent gaining weight I decided to just minimise the chocolate, eat better things etc etc. All well and good. Then I decided I would lose weight, so I ate a bit less. I lost the weight, still fine I was a healthy weight and had shifted the odd lump.ÊThen winter hit. I'm a horse rider and my exercise focuses solely around my horses, riding and caring for them. In the winter I can't ride much due to daylight hours and the weather. It was fine last year because I had my active job, butI paniced that with my office job and my lack of exercise I was going to inflate. And that's where things went really wrong, I restricted and I purged.ÊToday it was warm enough that I didn't have to wear multiple layers at work. I went in in a tight fitting jumper and my work gilet. At lunch I caught sight of myself in the mirror and for the first time I saw a real mess. My hair looks unhealthy, my eyes are red rimmed and baggy from lack of sleep. I look a mess.ÊI've slowed right down at work, which is fine at the moment because February is always quiet but we're due to get busy again soon after our trade shows and I know I won't be able to keep up.ÊI'm doing a university degree, I have an essay due in in just over a week and I can't form a proper sentence.ÊI've also started self harming .. the top of my thighs are awful they look appauling but again I want them there. No one knows about this yet but I think this is only a matter of time.And yet even now I don't want to stop. It's my birthday in 3 weeks, I have a party planned and this weird thought in my head wants me to get so thin everyone will see me and notice the winter of hard work I've put myself through.ÊI went to the doctor's last week after my mother forced me to go. They measured and weighed me, and because of the massive ammount of layers I had on I weighed in much heavier than at home. Still low enough for her to be concerned but for me I was appauled - that day I ate nothing. She tried to get me into some mental health therapy, but all they could offer me was treatment during the day and I work so I couldn't go to any of it. I refuse to let this ruin work. I have to go again next week to weigh in and I know I've lost more.ÊI'm just so lost, I had so much going for me and now my life revolves around food. I was making something of myself, I had an awesome social life - now I sit at home and try and focus my efforts of forming a coherent sentence.ÊI want my life back! But I don't know how to get it back ... and I feel failed by the UK NHS who can offer me nothing unless I take hours out of work.ÊWhere the hell do I even start?