I think I might have a problemYou probably get this kind of question a lot here and I'm sorry if I'm annoying but I need someone to tell me what is going on with me because I have long stopped trusting my own judgement.I think I more or less realised last year that my relationship with food is far from being normal. I've even come as far as calling it an eating disorder ... I guess some part of me must be convinced that I have an eating disorder ... otherwise I wouldn't be writing this post. But a lot of times I think that I only make myself believe that I have a problem with food because it distracts me from other things I'm struggling with. I always feel like I'm walking on a line between normal and disordered because I know I have some behaviours that would probably qualify as disordered but I don't do that excessively or I do them for the 'wrong' reasons which is why I think it must be something else ... or nothing at all.I've used not-eating as a coping mechanism for years but when I was younger it was definitely more an occasional thing. I would skip dinner after an argument with my parents or lose my appetite because I was sad. I went through a phase of comfort eating when I was 16 ... I basically lived off chocolate and biscuits for several months. I went back to normal after that but I think I also entered some kind of mild depressive episode back then and somehow came up with the idea of eating less. I don't know if anything particular triggered it but I knew that I felt better and more in control when I wasn't eating, so it seemed like a logical thing to do. I went through 18 months of restrictive behaviour. I did not count calories back then but I ate little enough to lose weight continuously. Other people constantly commented on how little I was eating but it probably still was on the lower range of normal ... little enough to notice but not little enough to be drawing attention. Often it wasn't even about how much I ate or what I ate but more about the way I ate it ... I came up with weird rules like only eating at certain times or things I had to do before eating or always taking really small bites and stuff like that ... I was unable to throw food away or to say no to offered food because it would seem ungrateful ... I developed a habit of giving food away so I wouldn't have to eat it myself, or sometimes chewing it and then spitting it out instead of swallowing it (sorry I'm disgusting). Most of these behaviours didn't make any sense and I was able to mostly do those things when I was on my own and not when other people were around, so it was more of a habit than some kind of compulsive behaviour. I felt alright during most of that time because I felt like I was in control and I was ok with my body as long as I was underweight.It suddenly got a lot worse when I graduated last summer and starting living on my own. Within weeks I became very depressed and a lot more self-destructive than I had been before. This showed in my eating habits because it made me feel 'better' when I did not allow myself the food I needed or wanted. I went through phases where I ate really little and then I ate more again then little again ... It rarely ever seems that little to me but I know that it is too little, objectively speaking. I started having binges far more often and it became even harder for me to eat in front of people. I didn't like doing that before but I became terrified of it so much that I started avoiding meeting other people because I wasn't able to deal with eating in front of them.I figured out how to make myself throw up a few months ago and I've been doing it occasionally since then. I often feel the urge to do it but I only do it every few weeks maybe. And it's not really purging because I don't actually care how many calories I consumed or if I got everything out ... I just do it until I feel better and it's more the feeling of getting rid of the food and bad feelings and less about a fear of gaining weight. I'm not really obsessed with my weight, I don't even have my own scales and only check my weight occasionally when I'm at my parents' house. I am terrified of gaining weight but I'm not obsessed with wanting to lose weight. Over the last few months my weight has been fluctuating which puts me at an underweight BMI. Which objectively speaking is too low but not dangerously low.There's a part of me that thinks that I'm really messed up because healthy people don't spend time on websites like this and don't stick their fingers down their throat and don't freak out because they have to eat in front of other people. But there's another part that thinks that I'm only doing this for attention and that I could stop if I really wanted to and that maybe some part of me WANTS to be sick because that would be easier to deal with than the way I usually feel inside.Is this how an eating disorder starts or am I just weird?