Eating disorder recovery advice needed.Hi guys,I just need advice on my therapist and therapy from others who have been there, currently are, or just understand. I've been dealing with my eating disorder for almost 11 years. I have bounced between anorexia, bulimia, and EDNOS(OSFED) oh I hate the new name for EDNOS  . Anyway while I was a teenager I did get some help, but never stuck with it.Right now I'm back in therapy after a disastrous night involving strong suicidal feelings and wanting to act on them. I've been seeing this woman for about 4 months and nothing has changed. She hasn't given me any type of meal plan, coping skills for anxiety/depression/ED/SH impulses, etc. I feel like I'm getting worse, I can barely get out of bed anymore, going to work is a daunting task where I feel like I'm going to break down any second. She has also said some things that have seemed rather off, such as "for someone so obsessed with calories, I'm shocked you drink so much." "Exercise might help this depressive slump as well as your need for burning calories." "If you have a clearer head it will help you restrict better." "You wouldn't just not eat , right?" I tried telling her today how I'm slipping back into my suicidal thoughts but she entirely dismissed it. I feel like she didn't want to hear it and have to take action. Those are just some of the alarming things. This woman also supposedly specializes in this.I'm not underweight anymore but I am tottering close to it.My question is, do you guys think I need to get away and try someone else? I have such a hard time trusting people and I do trust her, but question.I'm also worried I won't actually make the switch and will just give up entirely.I pay her a lot of money, I feel like my money would be better spent on clothes than continuing this, but I don't know if it's me and my resistance or if it's her being incompetent. Since I am young (22) I also worry that she is just taking advantage of it and my money since no one in my family is a part of my recovery. I'm sorry for the long post, but I need people who understand and I can't get it anywhere else. My friends don't get it.I value any advice you guys have to offer and I hope I get some feedback 