SadI'm feeling very lost at the moment. There's not really anyone I can talk with that about in real life, so I guess I just have to get it off my chest. I'm sorry if it comes off as negative. I wish I wanted something in life but I don't, at least nothing I can have. I can't get my years back. I can't go back to being who was. I'll never get those opportunities again. I used to be so driven, and clever. Now I'm just a bunch of "could-have-been"s. I feel like a burden to society and my family.ÊI'm currently in outpatient treatment for anorexia. My therapist is lovely but I can't talk to her. She's been so helpful, and I have a lot of respect for her. But I can't let her in. I'm so ashamed of what I've become, how I live my life. I keep thinkinh Im going to open up, even write notes, but when the moment comes I just freeze up. Can't even look at her. Can't speak. Can't let her help. I'm just wasting her time and resources.ÊI'm 26 years old and I still live at home. I don't take care of myself. I'm digusting. And I resent my family so much for ever suggesting I move back in. I know thats not fair, and I know it's not their fault and I am soso grateful for having such a loving family, but I do. I resent myself for ever agreeing to it. And here I am, years later and I can't see an end to it. How am I ever going to get out fo this place?I look at the people around me and theyre all working, studying, having relationships, some are becoming parents, traveling....their lives are moving forward. I'm stuck. Time keeps moving but I'm not getting anywhere. What have I got to offer the world? Who's ever going to love me? Who's ever going to hire me? I'm such a waste of space. I havent accomplished anything. I didn't die, but what use was that?And I'm ashamed for being this weight and having nothing. I feel like I'm too heavy, was always too heavy to have lost this much time to hospitals and treatments. And I know that's just my brain playing tricks on me. I know how sick I've been, and I know how sick I am, but when I look in the mirror it just screams normal at me. I can't see it. I keep thinking that if I was thinner, it wouldnt matter so much. That it would somehow be less painful. Logically, I know thats not true. But it's so tempting to just throw everything away and fall.ÊI keep having more and more anxiety attacks and Im terrified Im going to break down infront of other people and start screaming and hitting myself. I feel like I'm losing my mind, I can't stand having all these thoughts and images and memories spinning around in y head all day. I used to be able to block it out, but nothing seems to work anymore.ÊI was supposed to be an adult by now but I can't even bring myself to brush my teeth or clean my clothes. I havent been outside for two weeks. Another day wasted, I hate myself for not being able to bring myself to actually do something, force myself to find some kind of meaning. Or at least wash my hair. I'm so tired of this life and I'm a prisoner in it.ÊI should stop. I'm sorry for my self-absorbed whining.