I don't even know what to classify the 1 out of 3 eating disorders I haveI hope someone can tell me what this disorder even is...I'm 21 years old right now, but my first eating disorder that I was ever aware that I had probably began soon after I was born and I'm desperately looking for answers. I don't have very many people to ask for help who would be knowledgable about this kinda thing. I've been to doctors, therapists, and more. No one can really give me a "good" answer.I've always been told I was a "picky" eater or I "only eat the same things". Not sure if it was the way I was raised or just something wrong in my brain. I suffer from EXTREME anxiety and depression. I've gone to the ER from severe panic attacks. My ADHD is also a big thing I suffer from and I also have slight OCD. Lately I'm starting to think I may even be bi-polar but I'm not sure on that one. I am so afraid, literally scared, to just TRY NEW FOOD… I have a decent list of foods I can comfortably eat and thats why i'm still alive I suppose, but the amount of food I avoid is insane. I also have REALLY bad allergies and have had situations where I had to go to the ER because we didn't know I was allergic to walnuts, and almonds etc. That may be part of why i'm scared to just try new food but most of the time when I am able to try new food I end up feeling like its gross or just not what I'm use to. I've been able to slowly add more new food to my diet but its so hard and has gone extremely slow. I have no idea what to even classify this eating disorder. I feel really uncomfortable going on dinner dates (this has actually turned guys completely off) and even just lunch outing with my friends. I'm literally just terrified to try or eat different food. Heres the rest of my story:~~~Now that was the first out of 3 eating disorders I have. I've always been chubby due to this first eating disorder. Middle school was probably when I started to think I was fat because the mean popular cute boys would come up to me calling me fatty, or asking if I was enjoying my chocolate ice cream or whatever I had. Once I hit high school everyone started dating and all my friends were so thin. Like literally x pounds. All of them. Then theres me with my x pound body not healthy at all. All my friends started developing small cute bodies with nice curves. I'm like a lump. I applaud my pretty skinny friends who still talked to me even though I was not like them. I guess I had a decent personality or something. Anyways Sophomore year I decided I needed to change. I started exercising, dieting, and doing healthy things to lose weight such as cutting out all fast food. My body and mind felt so much better. By the end of Junior year I got to x pounds but nothing I did could get me under that. How is it that I exercise, eat healthy, and diet but I can't seem to even get close to my friends weight? They eat MCDONALDS, never exercise and they are still thinner then i'll ever be. This is where it started. Senior year. I started starving myself and eventually developed bulimia. Finally I reached x pounds. Some of my friends who had gained weight while I lost it were actually bigger then me. Now, some of them were still x pounds and I strived for that for so long. I realized I couldn't keep up the starvation and bulimia thought. Some close friends noticed and gave me an intervention type thing. I graduated high school, got my first long time boyfriend and was going to college. I still would fall back into my old ways of course just trying to keep my weight down. Like anyone I was obsessed. The boyfriend I was with at the time noticed because we lived together for a short time and were always together. I actually had a friend tell him I "Use to be anorexic and bulimic" when I never even reached under x pounds so I would never call myself anorexic. He was an aggressive one… he would aggressively complain about me not eating, how odd my eating habits are, and basically making fun of me for having these disorders. Now, I eventually gave up and thought well I have him, he will love me even though I might gain a little weight, right? WRONG. I allowed myself to reach x pounds and he eventually dumped me for my weight even though he told me to eat. He was the one telling me to eat more and stop being "anorexic". Right when I gained it he told me to "lose weight" … which one do you want. We dated 2 long years roughly. Well I said goodbye to him and got down to about x. Then I met this boy Im totally insane about around a year after that break up. We were literally a perfect match and everything was great. Now, he had just broken up with his younger, and thinner girlfriend. Of course I felt like I couldn't match up. But then everything changed when he left me to get back with his "thin" ex who looks like she's literally x pounds and flat. I was devastated and started drinking hard, starving hard, and throwing up hard (I hadn't relapsed since before my other boyfriend started making me eat). Eventually got to only x when I discovered I HAVE AN ULCER… this is most definitely from drinking and having bulimia. I thought my existence was over until guess what… my perfect match messages me again. I know I should have never took him back but sometimes you just have these un-explainable feelings for people. Too keep him I've been exercising and dieting like crazy. I keep falling back into my old ways recently but not as often as when I had my last relapse but still I'm doing it occasionally. He is still with me and i'm x pounds right now. I hope to eventually stop but I don't think I can until I reach a more ideal weight. Its really stressful having these two disorders on top of my original "picky" one.