anorexia recovery - its bloody impossible!Hi,I have been trying to recover from anorexia for years now, and although i initially made a certain amount of progress, I have dropped back to almost where i started recovery from due to my parents simply not providing me with enough money to bolster the inadequate thing they call a "student loan", they would rather spend all their money on pointless (and very expensive) cruises (that I'm not even going on because they didn't even give me the chance to say whether i wanted to or not), along with toys and other stuff for my spoilt sister, yeah... they shower her with money, yet my anorexia recovery isn't important enough to them for even a slight raise, I barely get enough for two meals a day currently, and no matter how many times i say this they don't listen; I am an awful cook and unable to cook anything much and the kitchen is seriously too filthy for me to even really consider using it frequently (OCD...). Its really not that much to ask, my breakfast every morning is a third of my daily 'allowance' that i've had imposed on me, my lunch is almost a half and my dinner is over a half, so every day I'm going way over, no wonder I have so many charges on my bank account... I also can't work due to anorexia, transport problems (I don't have a car so can't get very far, and lack of energy...), spending nights in hospital after harming (once every few months at the moment except that time i was prescribed diazepam... that ended badly), lectures, assignments, researching and studying.Why am I not worth anything to them? What do I do?on a side note, due to the stupid 403 error, this is the third time I have attempted to post this, the other two times I got a 403 as soon as i tried to post it... mods/admin, please fix this irritating errorEDIT: I also feel I should say that I have completely recovered from anorexia itself, however, the physical weight gain issues remain, as they always have done. I do not consider these weight gain issues an integral part of my eating disorder (i am an ex sufferer), which is a mental disorder, rather a side-effect of it, due to always having had issues with weight gain and maintaining, the only way this is related really is that I lost a lot of weight due to the anorexia and am now having difficulty putting it back on