Got rushed to hospital last night....Last night was completely strange.I got in from work, ended up binging on chocolate then purged. I haven't done this in about two weeks, and even before that it wasn't really a daily thing. I wouldn't say I've got an eating disorder particularly, I just really want to lose weight and sometimes restricting my calorific intake makes me so hungry I end up binging...Anyway. After the binge and purge, I lay down and started to read a book. After half hour I had excruciating abdominal pain and thought I may need the toilet. I didn't make the toilet and ended up fainting. I started to pour with sweat, shake, have heart palpitations and feel very dizzy and nauseous. I made it to my bed and lay down and called my bf to come home.My bf got home and said I was turning blue, was very cold and shaking. He called an ambulance and I was rushed to hospital.In hospital my BP was low, particularly when standing. At one point I tried to go to the loo and I fainted again so medics rushed over and put me back in bed. I was given IV meds and two bags of fluid. Apparently I was severely dehydrated and my bloods showed high urea, high white blood count and some other stuff I can't remember. I then got discharged and told to keep up the fluids. It was also suggested that I have gastroenteritis which caused the abdominal pains.I'm just confused. Why did this happen? I hardly ever purge anymore. I'm a 'healthy' weight, I'm quite young and generally healthy. I still feel very dizzy and I'm just really confused why...I've never been taken to hospital before apart from when I was 6 and had an asthma attack. It was all very frightening last night and I guess I'm just really scared.I have an appointment for an assessment with a psychiatrist at the end of the month, which I've also never had. I don't know whether to talk about this. I feel like it's something to do with my physical health, it can't be because I made myself sick once! I don't have an eating disorder, I'm just another young girl on a diet, loads of girls are like this, it's not an illness. Am I right?I'm scared.