I feel like I'm relapsing and don't know whyHiI'm new here and looking for some support and advice. I am 26 and live in London. I used to have an eating disorder and struggled with it on and off for years. I kindof got over it / stopped feeling so bad about myself but gradually put on loads of weight until I was very overweight and unhealthy a year or two ago. I then decided to do something about it and healthily lost weight - I exercised, I ate in a way that suits my body, and I didn't feel guilty and now I'm a healthy weight and while I'd like to lose more, it's not like before. I was/ am so proud of myself for doing this 'normally' which makes the last few weeks even more frustrating!I won't go into the ins and outs of my journey as I do obsessively track it - so I knowI'm not 100% over it and do have disordered behaviour and occassionally relapse, but I felt like it was a battle I was winning - but the last couple of weeks I have been drinking much more than normal and keep throwing up my food between 1 time every few days to multiple times in a day. I can't figure out why these thoughts have suddenly come back so strongly, what the trigger is and / or how to stop.. I'd like to understand this before it gets worse and is harder to stop, as I can feel it getting worse..ÊThis must be a common problem and I'm sure the answer is not simple but what have you done when this happens to you/ what would you advise? I don't have any friends I would open up to about it but I would be open to going to groups or a therapist or something, but I don't have any money to spend on it :(Oh edit: while I'm asking for help, I'd also like people's views/ experience with triggers? I know there are certain foods I can't eat without getting an irrational fear and then 'having' to throw up .. This is regardless of how healthy and recovered I'm feeling so I just don't eat these foods. Unfortunately it includes things I really really like such as beef Wellington.. Has anyone got over this with their 'triggers' and just been able to be normal and enjoy these foods on occasion or is the 'solution' to just avoid them forever?Thank you in advance