relapse thoughtsim sorry i just really need to get this out because i cannot explain this to anyone else.Can't cope being weight restored.Can't cope having messed up thoughts in a normal weight body.Wanna relapse.Everyone around me is relapsing.Im so triggered.I feel so fat and lazy and out of control because im not relapsing.My thighs and my face and everything its disgusting i hate it.I always think about relapsing and food and numbers and my body and i feel like a failure for getting to a healthy weight.My head is so confused i cant cope with every second switching from im going to relapse and lose all this weight and then realising i cant go down that road again.Relapsing will take everything away from me all over again.ÊI dont wanna have to go through refeeding hell again, i dont wanna feel so ill and weak again, i dont wanna hurt my family like i did, i dont wanna ever ever ever have to go back inpatient.But i also want to ****ing relapse so bad, but instead of relapsing i sit down and i eat anyway like a good little girl and i hate myself for it.Weight restoring has left me with everything else to deal with and i just cannot.ÊIm scared ive lose the ability to restrict. Im scared im too fat and lazy to go back. I dont even think i had a problem or a real one and im such a fake and ughhhh weight restoring did not make me feel better at all. I know there are so so so many positives of recovery and so many things that gaining weight has given me but idk all i want to do is lose weight because i feel so mentally terrible.and its not like services help your head, all they care about is your weight and my weight is fine now so that means they think im fine now but im not fine and the guilt from eating is too much and it makes me suicidal but no one will believe im finding it hard because its all in my stupid head. i am a failure for doing 'well' in everybody elses eyes. :(And like seriously all i want to do is relapse, feeling like this never eases or goes away and its too much for me.