Personal update (contains ED)Recovery…. The battle with anorexia is near it’s endI think i have come to the point now were i can comfortably say that i have beaten anorexia or as close to than i ever will.I’m eating 3 big meals a day plus snacks, day after day after day. No slip ups no excuses nothing.I’ve had a cold for the past 7 days making my mouth/head/body hurt like hell, before i’ve struggled to eat because it’s just been to hard. But now, no excuses just eat end off. Pain… The pain of relapsing will be so much worse than some yucky meal times.November 2011 at a eating disorder clinic the nurse told me this “if you don’t start to make some improvements and get better you will only have months to live, so we are very close into putting you full time into a eating disorder home”.. I laughed i told her i would just run away, i walked out left never came back. Woke up the next day and thought “f**k the nurse f**k my anorexia.. i’m not dying.. I’m going to get better or die trying.. because i want to because i can because i will”.. Mum is the only person who has ever supported me. I saw 2 counsellor’s who told me “i wasn’t ready to recover”… I was so angry.. How dare you…. Just because i don’t forgive the people who abused me just because the pain is still there just because in some respect i don’t forgive myself for not doing more.. Doesn’t mean i'm not ready....The fact’s are my hair has stopped falling out, my moods are better, i’ve gone up in sizes for clothes my stamina has increased 100%.. My flashbacks/nightmares have decreased. I have muscle, my back has stopped aching completely. I’m not 100% there but i will always find room for improvement. But i’m pretty close. (p.s don't focus on numbers.. threw my scales away years ago.. doesn't help at all...)Not bad for someone who was told i “wasn’t ready to recover”.I didn’t give up, i fought like hell, i’m happier without anoxeria, recovery is so worth it.Anoxeria is just a parasite it will eat you from the inside out mentally/physically until you are just a shell. Please don't let it take any of your life/happiness like it did with me. It can be beaten, if you are struggling today stop relax and start again tomorrow. You are stronger than you think.P.s everything does not happen for a reason…