Admitting, maybe, that I have an eating disorder.Hi. I am new to this forum, I stumbled upon it while trying to find out why I have spend my entire life - 55 years - obsessing over my weight and never being happy with who I am, with the exception of one 2 year window (2009-2011) where I enjoyed the benefits of having lost 10 stone - most of which I have put back on through grief over my mothers traumatic death in 2010, and a recent illness following emergency surgery in December 2014 which I am just coming out of now.ÊThe weight has piled back on due to what I believe is a number of contributers:1. Being sedentary for nearly 6 months2. Trashed metabolism from extreme dieting, and life long dieting3. Emotional eating4. Inability to properly exercise due to ongoing healing from the surgery and the fact that my feet and knees are trashed and can barely support me.I sometimes, at my lowest, feel I am overeating to punish myself - or to hurt myself - it is a perpetual problem that brings me nothing but unhappiness and now physical pain.ÊI think I am a compulsive over eater, not a binge over eater, as I just eat all the time and think about food all the time - but I do not eat massive amounts in one go until I am sick. Its just a steady stream of food - hungry or not.ÊI feel in such a muddle that I do not know any longer what to do - what to eat - when to eat - how to undo this damage. I have read so much information about dieting, low carbs, no carbs, high carbs, high protein, weight watchers, slimming world, this, that and the other - I no longer have a clear picture or idea how t help myself and get out of this whirlpool of a messed up relationship with food which has spanned my entire life which probably started with mean comments made by my brothers in front of others leaving me feeling unworthy and humiliated at a very young age.ÊI don't know where to turn for help - how do I know if this is a disorder, or if I just have no control, etc.? So thought I would just put this out there in case anyone can relate and maybe share how you got yourself off the mad merry go round onto a path that leads to good health.Thanks for reading.