Feeling angry and tiredLast Sunday I posted something on my facebook page that went completely out of control. It wasn't a cry for help, it was just something I had to say at that moment.ÊBecause of that post the cops were called to my house. They pounded on my door and threatened to break it down. My dad answered the door and was literally pulled outside in the freezing cold not even allowed to grab a jacket. I was then pulled out of the house. There was a drug sniffing dog present with 3 officers. 2 male and 1 female. I was padded down and so was my dad. They asked me if anyone else was in the house and I said yes my mom, so the female officer issued me back inside to check on her. After this I sat on my bed and they all came in to talk to me. They asked me if I wrote a post on facebook and I said yes, then I showed them the post. They read it and then watched me delete it. They then explained why it was wrong to post something like that and told me I had to choices to make. Either i get arrested and spend a night or more in jail or I go to the hospital and be evaluated. I didn't want either but I chose the hospital.Bfore I go on let me state this. I get really bad anxiety attacks, I also get motion sick easily as my stomach never fully developed when I was born. So the thought of riding in the back of the ambulance was nothing I EVER wanted to do as I sit backwards. I also don't like hospitals (but who does) and I have a really hard time being around allot of people. You can say I'm one f**ked up person mentally and physically.Some how I made it through the ambulance ride without throwing up but it wasn't easy. It might have been that I just focused on my breathing and told the guy who was sitting next to me to not talk. Plus I pinched the inside corner of my eyes with my thumb and index finger while keeping my eyes closed. That I guess helped.Upon arriving I was wheeled out on stretcher and placed in the hall. I was stripped down to just panties and put into a gown with ugly pants. She took my hair tie and socks then placed the hospital bracelet on me. I was not allowed to drink water or given anything to calm me down so I was a complete wreck. I did though sneak a big gulp of water while I was told to get them a urine sample.I finally after an hour or so saw the doctor and he told me that I had to stay overnight as the crisis doctor wouldn't be in till morning. That pissed me off! Now my anxiety was kicking back up again and I felt like I couldn't catch my breath, but no one would do anything. They finally found a room for me in the ER with an added catch, they placed a security guard outside. I was treated like a mental patient and by the end of the night I literally felt like one. Finally I asked for some water and they gave me a cup. I slowly sipped that in hopes of calming down and keeping my dinner where it belongs. My male nurse, yep you read correctly I had a male nurse, finally saw how badly I was handling all of this and gave me something to help me relax and something to help me sleep.. He then gave me a pillow, turned the light off and stepped out of the room. Now I was alone in this small room, with no windows (I hate tight spaces), with a guard outside my door and some guy from lock up outside my door talking gibberish non stop.Finally around 4 am when I just got to sleep they woke me up, had me get out of bed, placed me in a wheel chair and transported me to the Crisis Center for the rest of the night. Again I was placed in a windowless room but this one had cameras everywhere. They told me to keep my mouth shut and go to sleep. If I made any noise they would get an orderly to come strap me down. By this time I just gave up and tried to sleep. 6 hours later the doctor finally showed up to see me, saw I wasn't eating and tried to force me but I told her NO as I don't eat breakfast. It takes my stomach a few hours to get acclimated before attempting to eat or I would feel sick for the rest of the day (stupid weak a$$ stomach). She granted me that I could go but told me I HAD to contact an outside doctor to go see about my anxiety. I told her I would but I lied. I can't do all this again.Now home I'm treated like a ticking time bomb as everyone is afraid of me. I apologized on facebook about my post. Now I feel like no one on facebook trusts me on what I post. Wondering whether I'm telling the truth or not. I feel like no one wants to talk to me and I was even kicked out of a group. They said that was an error on their part but I don't think so.Now I feel angry, alone and I don't want to eat. I'm also not sleeping as I wonder if that ordeal will happen again. I jump every time the phone rings and if someone comes to the door I want to hide. I'm constantly paranoid now and I know that's not good. I can't go anywhere as it reminds me of being hauled off in the ambulance again. I just don't know what to do anymore and I'm just SO exhausted but afraid to close my eyes. :'(