I think I'm developing an EDIt started around Christmas when I had stopped eating and lost some weight without meaning to because of my anxiety. I'd been sort of wanting to lose a bit of weight, even though I'm a healthy weight, and when I saw the numbers on the scale go lower than I'd ever thought they could, I felt happy and hoped it would stay there.Flash forward to a week or two ago, when I noticed that cutting wasn't working for me the same way anymore. It didn't really hurt and after I did it it felt almost like I hadn't done it because the effects were so little. But I continued doing it anyway because I didn't know what else to do. My mind began exploring other things like drinking. I even thought about suicide.After the weight loss when I started eating normally again I started gaining, so I began lightly restricting my diet about a week or so ago, after the cutting had lost its effect. The restricting has been getting worse, as only a couple days ago I started counting calories and restricting even more. Now I can see it becoming a problem, but I feel like it isn't too late. It's not a full blown ED yet so I think maybe if I just started eating normally again I could save myself, but I look in the mirror and see my weight loss and I like it. I feel like I honestly could eat if I wanted to, but I don't. I feel bad because I feel like that means I'm choosing to have an ED :/But over the last week, specifically the day after I wrote out a specific meal plan, I noticed I became more like myself at school and around my friends. I'm not really super happy but I'm not miserable and disconnected either like I had been before. The suicidal thoughts and urge to drink have disappeared. My urges to SH have reduced drastically. I'm wondering if this is because restricting is my new coping mechanism and it's working?I don't know whether I should mention this to my therapist or not. I know that sounds stupid but I'm going to feel dumb if I give him another thing to deal with, and it's not even a problem yet. I feel like I'm consciously doing this to myself, I'm aware that it's bad. Maybe I can fix it and convince myself to start eating again before it becomes a full blown problem. I feel like it's not serious enough yet because I'm not deep into it, it's a really new thing. I actually wish to eat again, but I want to stay skinny, and psychologically it feels kind of good not to eat. I'm afraid of what would happen if I did eat normally again because SH doesn't work for me anymore. What should I do?