Living away from home and dealing with his alone!!!Where do i begin??? well i have been living in Thailand for the past 6 months and have recently been able to admit to myslef that i have a problem, i know when and how it started but recently it has got out of control and i really wish i was back home to go to support groups and just talk to other peopl who understand what i am going through! i cant tell any of my family because i think it would destroy them, plus i couldnt face returning to the UK with them watching everything i eat and everywhere i go.So, when it started...it was when i was in uni about 3 years ago, my boyfriend slip up with me, which was what i wanted but it hit me realy hard and i couldnt eat for crying etc. a friend of mine took me to one side and said that she was worried that i wasnt eating, i was too if i am honest, i thought that if i didnt start eating again i would develope an eating disorder, who was to know that i would anyway! so i started eating again but felt so uncomfortable that i had no other choice but to vomit, after a while it developed into a need to eat then vomit, which meant i could eat more and then vomit, i ended up spending nights at home alone wondering what i could eat next!it subsided after uni, but the slightest upset i would binge eat and it would start over! i was obsessed with being fat and still am! anything anyone said about my weight made such a difference, i had always been slim and was concerned with getting a belly and turning into my (fat) grandparents, they both died of weight related illness!So, after i got the Thailand i got lonely and began to binge eat to keep me occupied. I have also started to loose my hair but am not sure if it is related, it may be to do with the humidity here, but scary none the less.I have put a stop to the vomiting, but have put on a stone in weight, its difficult to deal with but i feel that its the only way to deal with the vomiting! i joined the gym and am consiously trying to limit the amount i consume, its ok during the day when i am with people, but when i am at home i eat and eat and eat! i dont vomit at the moment, but am concerned that my vomiting may be overtaken by the gym!I really want to speak to people who have overcome this illness on their own, as you can see i am alone out here with noone to turn to for help professionally!