I have been struggling with anorexia nervosa for about 8...I have been struggling with anorexia nervosa for about 8 months and my advise to all young girls who have it already or think they are developing the symptoms would be to not let it get hold of you, you will regret it so much. I have never felt so lonely, tired, anxious and depressed than i do now. I have not been myself for ages and miss the old times when i could eat what i want without feeling guilty or feeling the need to exercise accessively or make myself sick. it really does affect everyone around you and makes you feel worse knowing that your causing people to worry or have some cause for concern. My mum and family suffer the most, always watching what i eat and having the constant thought of calories. Even though my family and friends(who i am becoming distant from)are suffering, no one is suffering like i am.I cry all the time as it annoys me to feel and think the things i do. To be honest i have felt sometimes like suicide to get away for how i'm feeling but then iv'e let it beat me.I used to weigh 10stone 8 pounds which to me was fat and i was always uncomfortable with this weight considering i had two thin older sisters. I wanted to do something about it,so i went on my own diet cutting out certain foods but i was still eating and i was healthy. Eventually i started to lose weight and it felt good having people tell me that i have lost weight. I kept giving myself targets to reach like 9stone. i told myself if i could get to this weight then i will stop and can be proud of what i accomplished. But it didn't end there, i kept taking it further and further and lost control. I became obsessed with exercise and cutting out fattening foods, like crisps, sweets, chocolate, coke and my personal favourite cakes.Everyday i planned and still do plan what i eat trying to eat as less calories as i could, but sometimes the temptations were unbearable, to have one biscuit or sweets the things i began to crave haunted me. I kept saying one wont hurt you, but i felt so guilty for eating these things that the only way toget it out of my head was to make myself sick, so it was like i never ate it in the first place. My fingers were dry and saw, my mouth started developing sores and my mouth sometimes bled. I hated making myself sick and it made me feel worse aswell as better. I new i had a problem and an eating disorder and so did my best friend who didn't know what to do to help me. I realised that i needed help when we took a family holiday and was still inducing vomiting aswell as swimming constantly and taking advantage of the free gym. I just wanted to tell my mum or my sister but could't find the courage. So i waited until i got home and had a long conversation with my best friend who helped me decide what to do. I rang the doctors myself and booked an appointement. They asked me if i wanted to be refered to talk to someone so i said yes. The doctor weighed me there and i was just over 8 stone, proving i had an eating disorded. I still felt terrible and didn't feel like i had help so i booked another appointement to see another doctor who then put me on anti-depressent tablets which i thought would help me eventually. But it got worse. In the meantime the first doctor refered me to talk to a therapist which i thought would help me and i felt good talking to someone else. My therepist weighed me and i was about 7stone 8 pounds, the lowest i have ever been. I then weighed less than my sisters. After about 7 sessions i felt low still and wanted my tablets to be raised to 3 a day instead of the usual 1 so he booked me in to see a physciatrist. When i went the physciatrist told me that my pulse was slow, my skin was dry, my weight was 7 stone roughly and i was underweight for my height, which i knew already (5ft6inc). She diagnosed my case as having anorexia nervosa and said that it is a life threatening illness which i must do something about now. She told me that i lost even more weight from when my therapist first weighed me and that i should go in the hospital to be refed, because of my age(16years) she gave me a month to try and do it myself, and to try and make a significant difference in my weight and if i dont then she will put me in the hospital. I have untill the 6 of march and am finding it very hard. I have frequently thought about putting myself in because it's too hard but i have to try for my mum, as do you! I have been stopped doing exercises which is killing me as it effects the thoughts on what i am eating. I have to pull through because i just want to be me and not be ill anymore.Wish me luck!If anyone wants to talk and thinks i can help them then please e-mail me, you'd be surprised what talking to someone can do!Kimberley xxxxxxx