Why do I never stay full??I'll start off by saying I'm not overweight. I'm 137 lbs (9st,11lb) and 5ft 3in, with a BMI of 24.3. All of which is normal for my age. However, I have noticed that I've gained a little wait recently, (although this isn't noticible to other people) I can tell as some clothes are starting to feel a little tighter than they did a few months ago. It is now getting closer to summer, and I would like to have some of my favourite clothes fit me as they shoud. Also I'm planning to go to on holiday in August, and so would like to tone up a bit before then.My diet isn't that bad.. I make most of my meals from scratch, and none are particularly rich meals full of fat. I only occasionally have meals that may contain a lot of calories, but this doesn't often go above 600 at any mealtime. I rarely eat sweets or crips, and have managed to cut down on chocolate and cake (which I eat less of than I used to anyway). Plus nearer to summer, I'll eat less of these due to the warm weather making me opt for cooler and fresher things.I rarely eat sausages and other meats high in fat. I mostly eat chicken for every evening meal nowadays. I've also not had a microwaveable readymeal/instant noodles/packet pastas etc. in months, because I've been making more meals myself.So my downfall? I eat a lot of food. My portion sizes are probably almost twice a normal portion size, and I can eat it all, then be craving something sweet 15 minutes later and not even feeling remotely full or like I've just eaten a meal up to half an hour later. I don't snack much, but I do generally eat 4 meals a day, with the first and last being light meals. And despite liking salads and vegetables, I don't like to have them consist as the largest part of my plate because I'll still feel hungry afterwards. I know it's something to do with my stomach having been trained to hold that much, but it's the way I've been brought up. We are a family of propper portion sizes, and I'm known by my friends and family as someone who can eat like a machine.Now I know people's immediate thoughts would be to eat more carbs.. well, I did that, and nothing. I don't think I eat as much carbs as I used to, mainly because I'm trying to cut down on gluten. At one point, I was trying to up my fibre intake, so I bought a lot of wholegrain foods; pasta, bread, cereal. And because these foods were wholegrain/wholemeal, it's healthier than eating white alternatives, therefore I ate a lot of it.In one day I would eat on average, 4 slices of wholemeal bread (as a sandwich and maybe toast before bed if I was hungry), a bowl of wholegrain cereal (such as plain/ honey shreddies etc.) and maybe wholegrain pasta for my evening meal, sometimes something else. So I consumed A LOT of wholegrains. Sure I upped my fibre intake, and sure it was a healthier option than white bread or pasta, but it was still carbs. And I was eating it too often. The presence of carbs in my diet got that bad, that I actually didn't know what I could possibly eat if I cut out carbs altogether. Of course I wouldn't do that, but it was a scary thought.Anyway, the reason I feel I eat less carbs now and mostly why I'm trying to cut down on gluten, is because I noticed that I had started suffering from heartburn a lot more. It was becoming a daily occurence at least once a day, and something that was beginning to worry me. I've always had bouts of heartburn every now and again, I guess it's just something I've inherited from my parents (they get it sometimes). But it came to the point where I could NEVER be without Rennie to hand. I also noticed that I seemed to get heartburn whenever I ate something that was wholegrain/wholemeal. I then came to the conclusion that these being a purer form of wheat than white (?), that perhaps the now high-wheat content in my diet had something to do with it.Since cutting down on the gluten, I've eaten less bread and pasta, and I don't eat that many potatoes either. I've also started buying things such as quinoa, and other things that are either gluten free, or obviously don't contain that much. Since I went almost a week with little to no gluten in my diet, I had no outbreaks of heartburn for 5 days straight (until I ate a pre-made sandwich). I still have sweet cravings, which I can sometimes curb with homemade gluten-free, chocolate orange fruit and nut bars (like the Nak'd ones). I'm not sure if I do have an intolarance to wheat as I've never gotten ill from it, just bad heartburn whenever I eat too much. The same goes for tomato based dishes and orange juice   I've also started going swimming a couple of times a week where I'll do on average 14 lengths of the pool in about an hour, and go to 1 or 2 exercise classes a week. Also when I'm at home in the holidays (I'm a student) I'll work on average 4-5, 8 hour shifts a week where I'm on my feet for almost the whole shift.I know most of this post is probably slightly irrelevant, but I don't feel like there is anything I can do to actually make me stay full. I can get full sure.. as long as I eat a plate full of food. But the problem is it doesn't stay that way for any longer than about 20 minutes. I don't eat much junk food so It can't be that I'm not eating the right foods. I think I just love food too much.