Overcoming binge eating disorder - would appreciate advice!Hi everyone,This is my first post and indeed my first time ever reaching out online for support. But having unsuccessfully and repeatedly (I'm talking over 100 times at least!) tried to overcome binge eating disorder on my own, I thought it might be time to seek support.I'm now 25 years old and have been struggling with varying degrees of binge eating disorder since I was 15. I feel completely trapped on a seemingly never-ending cycle consisting of a period of very restricted eating and lots of exercise which typically lasts 1-2 weeks and then an episode of severe binge eating which can last anything from 1 day to a week. During a binge I eat until I feel horrific and there have been times when I've genuinely feared that my stomach will rupture! My heartrate goes through the roof and I feel extremely dehydated but struggle to physically fit any water in my stomach as it's so full. I eat classic binge foods such as cake, chocolate, biscuits, desserts - anything that is 'forbidden' and feel so out of control. The next day it's almost feels like I was a different person, or possessed during the binge. It's horrible and I always feel so disgusting and ashamed afterwards. But once the episode has passed I vow to myself 'that was definitely the last time', go back to extremely restricted eating and the cycle happens all over again. It's exhausting and is affecting my work, my social life, my finances and my self esteem. I'd love to hear from anyone who can relate to this, perhaps who has managed to take steps to overcome their own destructive eating patterns. I have tried counselling in the past, but I didn't find it very effective. I think the problem is that I am SO aware of what I'm doing, it's hard to address it as I know I have a huge problem, I just seem completely unable to stop. It's like a form of self-harm when I binge as I am so conscious that I am sabotaging all the hard work I've put into losing weight every time. Anyway, I'd love to hear from you if you have any advice which you think might be able to help.Thanks,Heather