How do I stop falling into the binge purge cycle?I have recently been falling into the cycle of binging and purging, and although i do go through phases where I stop doing it, i still keep on coming back to it. About 18 months ago was the first time I did it with great consistansy (although i had gone through phases of doing it once or twice, or a few times a week, or once a week for a month for a while, but never enough to really raise it as a problem in my mind).But then after starting a post christmas diet, I became overly obsessed with weighing myself, and loosing weight, but was unable to stick to such a strict diet and very soon after starting it i started to binge on all the foods that i was restricting myself, and then purging them. I started doing this daily, and sometime more than once a day, and this lasted for about 3 month, before I got so fed up and gradually reduced it, and then stopped. For a couple of months I didn’t do it, and then since then I have been doing it in phases on and off…for a while it was a week or two (at times every week for a month) and then not at all for one, two or maybe three weeks. Then in february I started doing it a lot more, at times it was every day, and at the least it was once a week. Since then, bar a week or two i have been doing it most weeks….and the times I have gone maybe a week without doing it, I’ve felt so relieved, and then its all started over again.I am aware I’m not the sort of person who is good at strictly restricting my diet, as I just end up binging, I have started doing more exercise, and have been focusing on trying to eat healthy and still treat myself so Im not so tempted, but I still end up binging. I have been better in the past month or two at trying not to do it too many days in a row, as when i get into doing it like that I find it so hard to even cut back, and I get so bloated and feel horrible, but I just can’t seem to stop, and I’m getting fed up. I feel like the cycle I’m in is not that bad, and that it hasn’t been going on for long at all, but I just want to be able to loose some weight in a healthy way, and stop reverting back to this habit! How can I do this?Sorry the post is so long, thanks in advance for any replies  