Forced into treatment -- HELP!!!Okay.  Where shall I begin.I am a fifteen year old girl.  About two years ago, I got introduced to the raw vegan diet.  At first, I was innocently experimenting with it, but after a while I became more and more strict on this diet and created more and more rules.  I moved into fruitarianism, and though my weight was dropping, I was convinced that this was healthy weight loss.  My mom put me in touch with a raw food nutritionist to try to gain some weight back, but that didn’t work because I had no intention of doing so.  Finally, my school counselor recommended to my mom to take me to an eating disorder clinic for an evaluation.  With a resting heart rate of 44, I was hospitalized on the spot (sent to an eating disorder comprehensive care unit).  After I left that horrible hospital, I was supposed to continue “nutritional rehabilitation,” but I did no such thing and soon lost all the weight that I gained in the hospital.  So I got sent to an eating disorder clinic, where I went for partial care treatment and then inpatient treatment for a month.  I was supposed to continue going there, but my mom and I had planned to move to Bali that summer, so my mom took me out of the program before I was “recovered” and hoped for me to continue gaining weight in Bali.During the first few months in Bali, I was super motivated to gain weight.  Also, my school wasn’t allowing me to do sports until I did gain some, so that also motivated me.  I was having frequent hunger signals and was happy to respond to them.  Then, at the beginning of 2015, seeing that I had gained some weight on my own, my school allowed me to do sports.  So I lost my motivation to gain weight, started exercising every day, and skipped meals.  So I lost weight.  Now I’m back to the same weight that I was when I was hospitalized the first time.  I weigh 80 pounds and have a height of 5’2”.  Seeing that I lost weight, my school said that I can’t return to school until I get treatment.  So my mom got tickets to go back to America for me to go to the hospital and then do an intensive partial hospitalization program over the summer.  But here’s the thing.  I don’t actually have an eating disorder.  I never did.  The reason I skipped meals and lost weight after I was allowed to do sports was because everyone convinced me into behaving like I have an eating disorder.  For the past year, my mom, doctors, and all sorts of people have been telling me that I have an eating disorder, and so finally they managed to convince me into behaving like I do have one.  But now I have changed.  I have recognized that I have control over my thoughts and that I choose whether I have this “ED” or not.  And I am prepared to gain weight on my own.  I eat A LOT more than people think.  I get frequent hunger signals and eat whenever I’m hungry (about 2000 cals/day), but since I’ve been maintaining weight this way, I’m prepared to eat more to gain weight.We were supposed to fly to America today, but I rode away on my bike and didn’t come home until I was sure we would miss the flight, which we did.  This is because I know I don’t need treatment.  I can do it on my own.  Even though I tried to gain weight and failed before.  This time it’s gonna work.  But my mom doesn’t think so.  She doesn’t trust me.  And she wants to force me into treatment.  But I don’t have an eating disorder!  I can recover weight on my own!  Please help.