I think i'm bulimic. Now what???Hello All,Using this site just to get out how I feel. Feel like i'm tied up and have nowhere to turn at the minute.I'm a 25 year old lad. Loved my food throughout growing up. But never worried about it. Family would be amazed by how much I could eat but i'm active and I never really strayed over 13 and a half stone. I would have nights of binging but it was fun.Now it all changed 9 months ago really. I bought a house with my now fiancée. She was in education towards a degree at the time so it was left to me to pay the way until she completed. Which I knew and I was 100% fine with.Now around the same time I started having difficulty with eating and have self diagnosed an intolerance to gluten and lactose. So I have removed them from my diet. But it resulted in me checking the labels of everything I eat and becoming much more aware of what I was putting inside me. This coupled with my money worries meant I was stressed and felt I had no control. I think this is where it began. By it I mean binging and then purging. It started on nights out with my mates. I'd drink, then eat, then the guilt, then purge when nobody was looking. This became all too easy and it began to happen when sober. After a big sunday roast. At one point just after a couple of small chocolates in work. I'd go to the toilets. I felt out of control. Stopped drinking entirely. And I now cycle 150 miles a week. I beat myself up if I dont do it. Feel like a failure. I usually succeed in it thought which makes me feel like i'm in control.I binge and purge probably once a week. Usually sat or sunday. I'm very strict with my eating in the week so come saturday night the shackles come off. I did a food diary for a while. It seemed to help which made me feel like a worrier and that nothing was wrong so i'd stop. Then the purging would start again. The thing that amazes me is that i'm a clever lad, no my rights from wrongs, and yet sometimes i'm eating knowing full well i'll bring it all back up straight after. I cant understand it. I am obviously weak and out of control. Its embarrassing. I always thought I was strong and smart.I have told my fiancée and she is supportive, but she doesn't know what to do. I dont tell her that i'm doing it so she thinks i'm over it and doing fine. I've told my Dad but he just found it difficult so has forgotten I ever mentioned it. It worries the life out of  me but I dont know what to do. It feels like thats just who I am. Nothing can change.For your information my fiancée is now fully employed and we are both earning. I still worry about money, its in my blood, but we are doing great. I am very conscious about my weight and look. I see the very worst in myself. My gluten problems have been put on a 10 month weighting list. I just feel with Christmas coming up i'm going to really lose control.I've gone on forever. But this is 9 months of thoughts on a page. Thanks for reading if you've got this far.