I really need helpHello I'm a British student studying in austria, and I have annorexia 😐 I've recently managed to increase  my weight from 6St8 to 7 St3 (I'm 5.6 btw) bug I'm just struggling so much!!! I really want to be 8 stone by the 19th of December cos I want to please my mum and my family but I can't get bast 7.5 withour relapsing. Iv tried to stop weighing myself but i can't get the bad thoughts to stop ..... I hardly eat anything in the day and mainly eat cabbage and veg for dinner.  I feel lost stuck in a cycle with no one to help. No one in my family understands my mind ....and say things like why do nt you just eat.... but they don't understand the mental your Cher of eating is so much worse then their complaints. I'm studying medical and pharmaceutical bio technology and spend half my day studying the bodies functions yet cant seem to get over my mental food block to give my body the nutrition to function as it should. I love food and love cooking and the anticipation of eating.... but hate the after feeling. I just want to be normal and not worry about going to lunch or constably thinking about food. I no longer have periods I have chilblains on my fingers....I'm just not happy or healthy still despite gaining some weight. I gained my weight by stopping exercising and embarrassing lying chewing and spitting out chocolate. I'm not bulimic (due to tonsillectomy I'm too scared to be lol ) but by chewing and spitting u eat some chocolate without knowing the calories ....Therefore it doesn't trigger restriction regression....I sound crazy I know! But I really really hate carbs ....The idea bread or pasts litterally makes want to hide.....I just have happy memories of being a normal weight and enjoying jacket potatoes spontaneously without worrying or fixating on it as the highlight or only meal of her day. Sorry for the rant I just really want some help and support. Especially cos I'm abroad and feel so alone. I really feel I need a meal plan or something but I've eaten so little for so long, way under 1000 calories a day --when I gained weight initially I had the worst night sweats and propearly fainted twice in my bed,  I also got really sore skin on my belly like water retension. My night sweats are slightly better now but I'm still only eating like 500 calories a day. I the my self for it but I can't stop... I feel so crappy If I properly eat before a certain time in the day... I'm just so stuck in my ridiculous ways. Sorry for the rant,  do you think you may be abe yo help at all? Thank you - especially if you didn't give up reading ☺