CHOOSE LIFE OVER DEATHI was 14 or 15 when i started staving and all the rest. I thought i could stop once i reached my target. But it became uncontrolable. My mum sent me to a therepist, but i got worse. I used to vomit in plastic bags and hide them in my room. At first i would eat normally and get rid of if after but soon i would deliberately spend £40 or more on sweets etc and you know the rest. It carried on til i was 23. When i was 22 i was introduced to Buddhism by my close friend. It competely transformed my life. There were no rules or regulations. All i did was chant NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO. I started to care about myself and could'nt do it anymore so i just stopped. I managed to stop for afew years but because i did'nt challenge the cause of my suffering it resurfaced. I had burried it. I'm actually a couple of stone over weight, i think this is partly to do with the implant in my arm (contraceptive). I'm nearly 28 and do not want to harm or disrespect myself again. I would never ever treat another person the way i treat myself. I would never tell someone they were worthless and do'nt deserve to be here and stave them. Life is so so precious. And to deny yourself food is to deprive your life. Buddhism concerns itself with victory or defeat meaning challenging ourselves and winning over our negativity. To chant NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO is likened to a lions roar. There is never anything that cannot be achieved. Its true. And i am going to win over this eating disorder this year. I also have other determinations that i will achieve this year. Every day i am putting my life in rythem with the universe through my chanting. I am going through a proccess of HUMAN REVOLUTION which every one goes through when they chant. You can change work situations, family situations, any situation when you chant. Your inner wisdom starts to emerge along with awareness. I have seen first hand the fates of others who continued to destroy themselves, thats not going to be me. I deserve to be happy, i deserve to receive love, i deserve the absoute best in life because i am my own treasure tower. EVERYONE WITHOUT EXEPTION IS PRECIOUS. ITS TRUE.NICHERIN DAISHONIN says \&quot;Life is the foremost of all tresures. It is expounded that even the tressures of the entire major world system cannot equal the value of one's body and life. Even the tressures that fill the major world system are no substitute for life.\&quot;(Sorry but Patient Admin have removed a web address, from this posting, as it is the policy of Patient UK not to publish these on this forum.)