My illness lasted for roughly a year and a half. At firs...My illness lasted for roughly a year and a half. At first I did not know I was ill and did not stop eating on purpose. I had alot of pressures at the time. I was scared of everything to do with University...Fitting in, passing and being as pretty as others. My Nan was terminally ill and it was becoming a waiting game. I was greiving for someone before they had even died and found this emotion hard to deal with. The worse problem was my boyfriend of the time. He was bullying me too stay with him, when I wanted to leave him. It was an unhealthy relationship and I could see no end to it. I started losing weight, 'Forgetting' to eat because I was so down food didn't come to mind. Then it got to the point I felt that my life was so rubbish what was the point in eating? Eating isn't going to make my problems go away...It will just cause another one... Getting fat. These thoughts came from nowhere. I had always been really confident. I was a size 14 and weighed 10 and a half stone and was happy. I still don't know how it happend.I began to drop weight dramatically and my family and friends began to wonder why. I was accused of taking drugs and allsorts because they couldn't understand it. Only when my sister dragged me out shopping to buy me clothes that fitted me, did I realise how much weight i'd lost. I was picking up size 12's and she was picking up size 8's. When I tried on the size 8's I had plenty of room but they made me look more healthy than wearing clothes that were too big...that made me look ill.Once I had a new size 8 wardrobe I started weighing myself. I wasn't use to wearing clothes that properly fitted me, so I thought I was getting fatter. Weeks, then months passed by and the scales kept going down. My lowest weight was at my sisters wedding where I was a Bridemaid. I weighed 7stone 4pounds and still was not fully aware that I was actually anorexic and depressed. I use to pass out from lack of food, and when I got so hungry I decided to eat it made me feel sick becasue I became un use to the taste. I could only eat certain things that I loved. Like Mandarin segments!The change came when My Nan passed away. Something had to give and it was my boyfriend. He didn't see I was ill, when all my family could see was bones under my skins surface. I use to ask him 'Do you think they are all right about me being ill?'. He'd reply 'Look at you. Your beautiful. I made you like this'. With no acknowledgement I was ill.It was hard trying to get better when I hated food. But I beagn by having mandarin segments for breakfast, lunch and a small dinner.Where the change really came was at university. I think everyone should try what I accidentally did. I had a project where I had to research anorexia nervosa and write a feature article on it. When researching the project, I read writings from ex-sufferers and it was like we all read the same script. I looked at the health problems it caused and realised this was me. I am an Anorexic. It cahnged my whole life. It took a long time to understand putting on weight was a good thing and that I didn't want to die from not eating. I didn't like to think of the pain I would cause my mum after seeing how bad she coped with losing my Nan.I gave myself a target weight, which was 9stone. This is the weight I should be for my height and age. Weight gain was a slow process but it began happening. I did fall off the bandwagon every now and then when I thought I was getting fat. But then I re-read over my project research and my article I wrote...Which in the end felt like a secret article of what I went through. The emotional content I wrote, made me realise I couldn't go back to that place.Now I weigh 8 and a half stone. It took a year but I'm alot happier. I don't think I'll ever be fully cured as it's always in the back of your mind, but I eat what I want and with a healthy moderation. It is hard to remeber what I went through then, as I was such a zombie. No food=No energy and no brain. I was a walking zombie who pushed everyone away from her. I had to re-build the friendships and relationships i'd lost (pushed away) because of it. Many find it hard to understand and I don't blame them. But sometimes there is a light at the end of that dark tunnel. Mine may only be a canle flame at the moment and not a lightswitch...but it's still a light. 9 stone here I come.Nicole x