Still suffering ED after 10 years...Dear all,I thought i'd share my experience after reading several very moving stories and to encourage others not to go down this route or to seek help sooner rather than later.My anorexia has been traced right back to my primary school days where my obsession with thinking i had a fat bum started, it was just \&quot;faddy eating\&quot; up until i was about 14 yrs old. I started by innocently wanting to lose weight so cut down my food intake, then when i was 15 i still hated my bum and decided to lose all my body fat and then start eating healthily so i could put the weight on in the right places. Sounds completly wrong doesnt it but it was totally logical in my own mind. My starting weight was 11st 7lbs and at 5ft 11 this was fine but all my friends were like 8 st so i felt even bigger... it didnt cross my mind that they were all 5ft 3 - 5ft 5!By the time i was doing my Alevels at 17/18 my weight had plumetted to just 7st 8lbs and i was now 5ft 11.5, this is my lowest ever weight. I had no energy and was surviving on just diet coke, chewing gum and a bowl of dry cornflakes in the evening. I was bored of eating nothing which is when the bulimic side kicked in. I disovered i could eat anything i wanted to and lose/maintain my low weight. Excellent. This turned into a disaster. I hid it well to begin with but then my parents discovered my habit in the worst possible way - they'd found my weight charts which i did twice daily and a bowl of vomit under my bed which i had been unable to disgard. Desperation is so great to do it that anything goes. The humiliation of being confonted is the worst feeling in the world.By this time, my doctor had said if i went to uni i'd be dead by christmas. My dad banned me until i put on some weight... so i hatched a plan. I put on loads, got my self to 10stone! Off i went to uni and the first thing i did was lose it. My weight fluctuated greatly at uni, with the bulimia side taking over... one year i was 9st, one i was 10st 7. I started feeling a bit better about myself during my Masters, i was now 21. I maintained my weight at 10st for most of it, until 2006 when it once again dropped to 8st 12lbs.This is the most horrific thing to go through... i;ve sought help from counsellers, dieticians and the rest but i still feel fat so until i really want to get over it i can't. At present i am nearly 25 years old, i'm down to 8st 10lbs and my height is 6ft. My BMIs in the region of 16, 16.5. I have thin days and fat days still. I've made myself sick every day once, twice or sometimes 6 times for years. I can't remember the last time i ate something substantial and wasnt ill. I would never wish this on anyone and i'd love anybody who has a problem to seek help asap... the longer you leave it the harder it is. I dont know if i#'ll ever recover, i'd love to one day.There are so many health problems associated with this... fertility levels drop, anaemia, tiredness, weakness, heart problems... i've been fortunate so far with my teeth buit they are starting to deteriorate now and my digestive system is totally screwed leaving me with IBS, ovary problems and spasms. Not nice...  If anyone reads this and thinks of a way i can help myself more i'd love to hear from you...Take care, x(Sorry but Patient Admin have removed an email address from this posting, as it is the policy of Patient UK not to publish these on this forum.If you wish to communicate directly with people, you should register, for free, with the forum (click Register in the menu list below the green banner above). You and other registered members will then be able to communicate with each other via Private Messaging (PM) or e-mail.)