Forever fat?!!!I've been battling bulimia for around 3 and a half years now. I've always been overweight, always been the 'fat' friend. When I first purged I felt good. The first few weeks was when I noticed the biggest difference. All my friends kept telling me how skinny I was looking and it made me feel amazing!! I tried not eating but i couldn't help binging the odd sweet treat. I hated myself so much that anything I ate I began purging. It went from once every so often after a 'bad' meal or 'sweet treat' to after every single thing I ate. Few months went by and I began to feel really ill. My skin got bad rashes around my eyes, my teeth started feeling sensitive, I had cuts on my knuckles from my teeth, I was constantly exhausted but the worst thing was when I binged and suddenly I couldn't be sick. I physically couldn't throw anything up. My stomach churned, I wretched, my eyes watered but nothing would come up. All the weight I supposedly lost soon all piled back on and I was feeling worse than ever. Now not only did I feel majorly fat but I felt extremely unwell yet I still couldn't stop myself being sick. However it only seemed to work with breaks of purging inbetween. Several years later and I'm still battling with my weight and my bulimia and severe depression. Except now I've been diagnosed with barretts oesophagus and I've been seeing specialists over stomach problems. Most people would think having these issues would wake me up and stop turning to locking myself in the bathroom with a pint of water after 'over indulging' but no. I love food. I hate being fat. And I just can't get myself out of this awful cycle. Currently I've never felt worse about myself. I've lost all interest in sex which is causing strain on my relationship but the thought of me getting naked makes me feel sick. I put myself off. I'm so lost in binging and purging I don't really see a way out. I want to stop. I want to just lead a healthy life, exercise, good food. I want it. I'm forever told I'm a 'curvy' girl and I should accept it and be happy. I don't want to be happy with that! I want to be one of the sexy girls who aren't disgusted when they get changed or shower. Who don't dread summer because flesh has to be shown! I want it so badly I've practically killed my insides. I know I need to stop, I just don't know how.