Feeling helplessI need help, someone who is very close has suffered with bulimia for over two years. Being so close to her i noticed it at a very early stage or at least i think it was early. i belive it started when she was 16, she'd just came out of a 3 year relationship where during that relationship she descibed herself as having got \&quot;too comfortable\&quot; back then she a healthy relationship with food but she was overweight she was size 16. Her mum suggested she might want to go to weight watchers with her and she did.The pounds fell of and she looked much better for it, everyone was complimenting her and the blokes where lining up. After a while i noticed a sort of obsession with food she new every point value of every food and would constantly add up points of everyones meals round the table. She seemed to enjoy watching people eating almost. then was her obsession of salad, fruit and fruit juice.Then it got really really bad, no meal was eaten that wasn't thrown up, pint glasses were hidden that were filled with sick, bags filled with parcels of half eaten foods and the constant lying linked with food which still has not gone even though she has admitted she has a problem.GPs have failed her at every turn, councelling is useless as there is nno underlying problem other than shes a superficial person as are her friends who just care about being slim, fashionable and good looking.The mental health clinics turn her away as ahe is not slim enough to warrant their help but bulimics never are because the control their weight through throwing up. its almost as if they don't know what bulimia is??SHe is strongly against exercise as she doesn't have the energy or motivation or will to make herself do it. She has accepted her condidtion and refers to it as \&quot;my bulimia....\&quot; which is good because for months she would not even admit it but now she wants help no one can give it to her!My question is how can she help herself? what can she do to help her condition? She even lies to herself about what she has eaten? How do you get round that? She does want to help herself but likes the convience of her current lifestyle the body and the food.She has supportive friends and family but everyone just feels so helpless. Any advice would be much appreciated!!