Bulimic but I don't care...Hello all,To give you all some background information I am 24 and have had "bulimia" for the past 8 years.It started by stopping to eat, got really skinny and depressed. I felt like sh*t both mentally and physically. I am a social busy bee but back then I lost it all.My mom found out in the most horrible ways and tried to help me recover.I did my best an at 1 point I was totally clean and healthy for 3 months. Then my boyfriend dumped me and I stopped giving a sh*t and went back to me old habbits.It soon turned into binge eating and throwing up.The thing is, I don't remember a lot from back then... except for having a really bad relationship with my mom.She tried to help it, I know it, but she was spying on me and ripping me off every single privacy. I could feel the pressure to recover and it didn't help me at all.Fast forward into the future.I love travelling and it has done a lot of good things for me. Somehow I found a way to be very socially active even with my eating disorder. I can actually throw up in just a few seconds (managed to get my throat open somehow...). and the fact that I eat so much and love food so much is very liked by people...I grew into a very succesful woman. I have good looks, good social life, good jobs and things are going great in my life.Even my health (except for the teeth) is very okay despite my binge habbits!!!I don't even consider myself "sick" anymore. I've accepted it as a part of myself and don't try to change it. I'm not obsessed by it and it makes my life so much easier. I'm truely very happy.I know that if I would try to recover now... my life would such and I would be very unhappy. So I don't want and don't plan on recovering.I know it's a bad message for you guys out there that want to recover... so don't give up hope!The thing is that our house... well sometimes the toilets clog because the recolt bin (something in the street that takes all the sh*t etc...) fills up with all my throwing up. So every 2 years my mom discovers I never recovered. I guess she must lie to herself cause I always come up with stupid excuses like "my contraception made me really sick" blablablabla.It happened again. And my mom kind of searched through my whole room and found my weed (that I used to calm down a very very very bad tooth ache... it made me sleep) and must think I'm addicted or something.She's been searching through my room a few times like when she did when I was younger... it pisses me off 'cause I've got nothing to hide but I feel that my privacy is stripped down...So here I'm not really sure on how to deal with my mom?I'm the 3rd of 4 kids and there's always been a lot of pressure on me to do things "perfectly". I stopped caring though.I know I can just move away and get my own place... but I guess that would not be the good way to act, no?