my storyI stopped eating when I was 7. I lied and refused to eat. I was afraid of authority though, so when my dr said he's be cross if I efusd to eat, I started again.Food remained an issue though. All through my teens I felt fat and was bullied for being fat. In reality I was healthy, but I didn't see it. I was always a perfectionist and needed to do well at school. When I was struggling during my SATS (at 14) I found vomitting helped. Then the binging started. I kept bulimia a secret but plunged into deep depression, having a complete brekdown at 15. Off school ill, I binged and vommitted all day then cried all night. Nothing helped. Despite a year in hospital for the depression, the bulimia stuck.When I went home my parents agreed I could go on a little diet and just lose a few pounds. like other teenagers they thought it was just a fad. I started college in the Sepember weighing 10 1/2 stone (I'm 5ft9-or was!). By the Christams I was 8st2. My parents took me to our GP but he said that was fine. I turned 18 that Fbruray and scared my relativs to death - I walked into my party weighing less than six stone. Emaciated, pale and barely able to stand I slept through much of the evening. A month later I was sectioned, tubed fed and put on a drip. my heart and kidneys were collapsing. I was refed over six months but had not therapy.I left hospital loathing myself and returned to college. I had no aftercare and gradually the punds slipped away. I was given a CPN but he didn't know what to do. To preven tthe same happening again I was readmitted to hsopital the following March weighing about 6st4. On a busy medical ward I made a pact that I'd eat an apple and a yoghut everyday until a specialist be was found. Without my parents to supervise I ate far less and exercised all day long, pacing the ward. It took 8 weeks to get a bed. I was only just five stone, unable to stand unaided and losing my vision. My chemistry was haywire.The unit took one look at me and referred to a HDU. i spent nearly three months on bed rest, not allowed to even get out of bed for more than month. I was watched day and night for five months, gradually gaining weight and reiving therapy. Finally I was getting the help I needed. I stayed there for a year and continued to have therapy afterwards. I lost weight again and was readmitted two days before I turned 21.Returning home after five moths things improved. The depression became the biggest problem again, but despite admissions to hopital for that I mainatined my weight. A year later I left home and got a job before returning to college. I did an Access couse and started university. All the time I maintained a healthy weight. Anorexia was in the background.At the end of my first year at uni (last June) I hit depression again. Losing my apetite my weight dropped by nearly a stone in three weeks. Although I regained it over the following three months it triggered something. Back at uni te depression lingered and my grades dropped. My weight did, but only slowly. I made an effort to turn things round at Christmas, maintaining a lowish but stable weight. Then the OCD set in. My weight is now back in rapid decline. I'm struggling to eat an people are starting to notice. I want to ask for help but I can't. I'm scared. I'm scared of having to change but I'm scared of going back to where I once was - an emaciated wreck covered in tubs and wires barely ble to see.My message is, don't be afraid to ask for help and once you find the courage fight for the right help. Never give up and believe in yourself. You are amazing!