My girlfriend has bulimiaFor a couple of years now my girlfriend has made herself sick when she feels ugly or if she's eaten more than she thinks she should. At first I thought it was a one off thing but it became apparent that it happens often, I don't know exactly how often but somewhere between once a week and once a month. She has a history of anorexia and, I think to a lesser degree, self harm.My initial reaction was to tell her off about it, that if she loved me she wouldn't do that to herself, I now know that this was completely wrong and since I've tried to be supportive.She hides it from me, being sick after she's asked me to go to the shops etc, but if I catch her she becomes overwhelmed with self loathing and becomes very defensive. Last night she blamed me for ruining our evening when I came home and smelt sick. I know I can't challenge her over this but I can't ignore the problem either.She is a slim (BMI of 19 or so) 35 year old. At the moment I do not think her problem is dangerous to her health. She snacks on pretzels and cheese or prepared foods from the local convenience store rather than eating regular cooked meals and would quite happily continue eating after she has been sick.She says the feeling she gets from eating too much makes her want to hurt herself and the only way to alleviate that feeling is to be sick.She also gets very upset if she perceives that she has eaten more than me.My biggest worry is that she makes no attempt to get better. We have talked about controlling her eating habits but if I don't enforce these measures she carries on as before and I don't want to have to be in charge of what and when she eats. When I try to talk to her she tells me there's nothing I can do and that I should accept her being sick every now again. She says that if I stop her being sick the result is she would hurt herself. I struggle not to see this as emotional black mail. I also worry about the extent of her problem, she actively tries to hide it from me, what if she is sick multiple times a week?I am looking for advice on the following:1. How do I talk about this without it becoming a confrontation?2. Should I take active measures to fight her problem (i.e. denying her snacks and forcing better eating habits)?3. What help is there I/we/she can get to try and move forward and get passed this?4. I do not think her health is in immediate danger, should I be less worried than I am?