I cant understand me, let alone expect others 2.Hi, I ate loads of food yesterday, and everytime i did, I had to lock myself in the toilet and cry. I would get an urge to eat, but not out of control grabbing for mamoth amounts. Just little bits here and there. Everytime, id sit on the toilet grabbing my arms and just sobbing. I dont wnt to be doing anything silly with my food. Food is a need , we need food to live, Its not like alcohol, we can drink or not drink, - but we do not need it to survive, or walk or do the every day things in life or to just think clearly.By nightime, i had 2 small slices of pizza which was full of fat. I dont like to eat after 5 pm and when I do I grab for the laxatives. yet m iknow these things dont help as you r body just absorbs the fat, but I think I look better if I can get rid of what I can...( Its not even that I think I am fat, i am just simply uncomfy with , in my body).. I cant talk to peopl properly about it. My mum is very thin,my sister very thin,, even my dad is very thin. They show no sign of having problems. theres me, curvy and tired all the time. When I feel guilty or das i tend not to eat and find it extremly difficult, evem end up throwing my cocolate biscuits out.It sways from one end to the other. before my period is due, i have a need to eat . So Ido. But once I have it , I dont have this need, and find it even more difficult to eat during this time.I am worried. I am worried as |I am lloosing my ability to focus on the things I should be focused on. I am worried as I am soon going to on my own with my 2 children and all I amteaching them is how to self destruct. I am more worried that I have made a huge catchh 22 catastrophe, as laxatives are surely bound to make you fat rather than thin as your body looses its natural metabolic base and desperately grabs the bad fats instead of absorbing the good stuff to get the bad stuff out.I am so confused about my ill understanding of what I am doing to myself, i dont want to be doing this. i am scared I am going to get the urge to throw up , but I have a thing about being sick. Ill do anything not to puke.I never thought myself a vain person. I never thought i would ever be doing what I do or even be worried about it. I just cant get a grip and to be honest I dont understand, am I just being anxiou, and this is nothing to worry about,. I am confused,