I'm at breaking point now.I'm 20 years old and I'm in my first year at university, my first year away from family and friends I've had around me for years. I am petrified. I'm almost about to go home and I am still just so scared of everything.I was scared about making new friends, and even though I actually made some, my addiction to lying has hurt them. It's hurt me. I've been progressively picking and stealing small amounts of food from them over the year, then denying any involvement in it whatsoever. And I can't even understand why I do it? And not only do I take something that's not mine, I throw it back up anyway.I am so disgusted. They are disgusted with me. I can't believe my lies and my bulimia have cost me this much. Because I am not that person. I don't mean to hurt people, steal from them or lie to them. And I can't expect them to understand my disorder either. Their first reaction being 'you can't have bulimia, my friend had an eating disorder and she was stick thin and never ate'. I'm sorry I'm not skeletal enough for you, but I am infact baring my soul to you. I wish you could see how difficult this is.Them reacting so aggressively has made me realise quite the state I've got myself in to. I have spent today confessing to my closest friends, my Mum, my Dad, and my younger sister. I have cried for hours. I have been honest to them about my deepest fears and my deepest wish to recover. I've called out for help today, and although I'm still crying, I feel so relieved that I am finally on the road to recovery. I do not want to be the secretive, confused person I was yesterday. I do not want to lie. I want to get better.I desperately want to get better. I'm approaching this out of desperation and love for my family, but I'm still so scared of the changes to my lifestyle and my body once I begin eating properly. Coping with the anxiety is going to be near unbearable. I guess I just have to keep the memory of my little sister sounding so grown up on the phone, crying but telling me that 'we'll get through it together', 'we're a team and I love you'My binges and purges were sometimes as bad as 5-6 times a day, luckily I've had no massive side effects but I think I've been massively lucky. I didn't purge once today, and I feel fantastic for doing so.I don't know whether anyone else connects with this? It's not so much a story or a question so much as a massive confession and apology. Wish me luck with my recovery!