Hi it's me again. I hope this is ok to write. I went to a counseling appointment this week and I'm really annoyed at myself for answering every question with "I'm good" and "everything is fine" I'm wasting the counselor's time and not being honest and it's annoying me. It's part of what's helping my decision about suicide though. I don't think that I would ever let myself get better or feel better. Like I'm purposely making myself stay wanting to die. I don't know if that makes sense and if it does it probably sounds awful. I think I get scared of suicide when it's fast, like with hanging myself. I wanted to do some kind of slow way to die, like take a little poison every day and over (not too long) time just be too sick to survive. I mean..these are just my thoughts..I probably won't do anything. All I know for sure is i want to die and that won't change. I should be grateful for what I have. I go to college, I have dogs, I have a place to live, i have enough food and clothes. haha I hate myself more for wanting to die when I should be thankful for all I have. I'm not thankful though. Oh my religion professor said something interesting today about how people can open up with such deep secrets to the internet but not to each other. Well part of why I can't open up to people in real life is I'd probably get locked up in a hospital..don't want that or think it would help..I'd just say I'm fine 100 times until I'm released. But also I'd never trust to tell anyone how i feel or my secrets because i'd have to see them react with disgust and revolution. so my secret is I've had sex with my father and I have watched **** with him, disgusting **** involving torture of women and real children (they looked real anyway). I encouraged him to do those things with me because I acted how he wanted. Later I'd hate myself. But it was like..he'd leave me and I'd freeze and think "Did I just do that?" It was like I was a robot or something. But that's no excuse I am guilty, disgusting, degenerative, and deserve to die. My father would tell me how I'm so ugly he's the only one who would ever touch me. That my face is so ugly and scary I don't need to wear a halloween mask. I don't feel sorry for myself though. I think these statements were accurate and still are and I am such a bad person that it's like a crime for me to be alive. The thing is I want to hear this over and over I want to think everyone hates me too and everyone thinks I'm worthless, ugly and evil. My counselor tried to tell me how not everyone views me that way and it surprised me that I realized finally that she was right but I didn't want to believe it, I want to keep thinking everyone who notices me sees someone ugly, fat, worthless, subordinate. That's how I know I'll always feel suicidal because I don't want to get better I guess. Anyway so thank you for letting me write this all out.