I'm a 33 your old man,i lost my beautiful girlfriend to suicide four months ago.It has destroyed me as a person, i used to enjoy life, be happy, go out with friends on nights out and have fun.Now i don't do anything or go anywhere, the only place i go every week is the cemetery, i sit at Roses grave and cry my eyes out, she was only 23 when she died, part of me feels to blame as she stopped taking anti depressants completely.For the first time for as long as i can remember i was happy when Rose and i became a couple, though took awhile for me to commit to her as i have been through a lot with my previous girlfriend, debt, cheating, it made me very wary of women, i found it hard to commit to Rose at the beginning when she asked if we were boyfriend and girlfriend, i evaded the question a bit as i was fearful of becoming hurt again.After all Rose was a beautiful young woman and i couldn't understand what she saw in me and feared that if i committed to her, it would all go pear shaped.We continued to see each other and she told me she loved me quite early on, not feeling the same way at the time, i kissed and hugged her, she seemed okay but feel she wanted it to be reciprocated, i was being true to my feelings.I first told Rose that i loved her in December, i remember it like it was yesterday, sitting on her bed, pulling her on to my lap and saying 'i need to tell you something'.She looked inquisitive, i smiled at her and said 'i love you'she threw her arms around me and said 'i love you to bits Mark' with almost relief.Two months later and she is gone forever, I'm so heartbroken that the woman that i told i loved and who i truly thought i had a future with, took her own life.Where do i go from this now, how am i supposed to live life without her, people tell me to carry on with life and pull myself together, i can't, i miss her like I've never missed anyone before.I see her lovely mum and dad quite often, they have been a support for me as i hope i have for them.All the way through my life i have always felt a little lonely and down but just got on with life, i guess most people have felt this way in their lives at some point or another.Now i just feel so lonely and alone, i try to imagine what was going through Roses head on that day but can't think of what she may of thought about.Every day i contemplate suicide, i think of what i would write in my letters to people, what my actions on the days leading up to the day would be and how i would do it.I don't want to hurt my family as the pain and grief i have gone through has been horrendous, so i fully understand what they would experience if/when i die, i wouldn't want anyone to go through what i have been through, but it's not about any or everyone, it's about me and how i feel.Life is so cruel to take such a beautiful young woman with everything to live for away, from her parents and me.I used to think of the future once, now i don't see any future, i wanted to surprise Rose with a Christmas trip to New York but it's never going to happen, i used to be at work and think of all the things that we can go and do when the summer gets here but the summer has arrived and Rose is gone.If god had given me an ultimatum the day before she went, it's either you or her, one of you has to come with me, i would grab that ****** around the throat and demand that he take me!Friends say to me I'll get over her and meet some one new, i don't want someone new, i want Rose or at least trade places with her, now i feel that all i have left is to join her in the afterlife if there is such a thing.Life is bullshit and full of pain and anguish, why be here to be put through all of this suffering.I feel i had a chance to save her but didn't take it, now i regret it deeply, just like all of the other regrets i have in life and there are so many.I wish i had the courage to go as Rose did but feel a simple OD would suffice.Everyday i miss and think of Rose but also think about ending my life, why stay here when she isn't anymore, i should of made things right before she went but didn't, just added to the already huge list of regrets that i have in my heart.Her inquest is coming up and feel that after would be a suitable time to do it, no one knows how i really feel and at least i won't feel like this anymore.