You don't have to be depressed to commit suicide. Sometimes, it is based on pure logic. Just because other people don't like your logic, doesn't mean you're wrong.I no longer beat myself up with anger, frustration, sadness, or self-loathing based on how my life has turned out. A lot of is due to situations out of my control. However, a lot of it is due to mistakes I have made, big problems I have brought on myself. The fact is my life is unlivable, always has been, and at 43 I know now it always will be. There is nothing wrong with this though. This is the way the world is. Terrible things happen everyday to people. People suffer because of their own mistakes too, why shouldn't they? This is perfectly normal. This is natural. There is no need to be upset, to beat yourself up. Therefore I kill myself not out of depression, but because of the situation I find myself in, and my decision is perfectly logical.I am not saying the world is a terrible place. It is terrible for some people, wonderful for others. There is a natural balance to everything, even when it comes to happiness. This is how it is. Why want anything more than life is able to give you. If you were meant to never be happy, you will not be allowed to be happy. Ever. You can cry about how unfair that is, just like you can cry about how nature allows some animals to survive and not others. Some must die so others can live.Melodramatic? I don't tell my story to people anymore. No matter how general and devoid of all details my story is, by the time I get to when I was ten people want me to shut the hell up. Ever notice how people seem to be actually offended when you talk about your sufferings? Or at best, they seem like they want to get the hell away from you? Even if they asked you to tell them about it in the first place? Take it as further proof that you don't belong here. They have seen, subconsciously, that you are one of the ones who was born to suffer greatly so that others can be happy, so that there can be a balance. This is why they are now avoiding you like the plague.ÊAsk yourself how it would affect the world when you kill yourself. Seriously. A serious evaluation, based on what you know of the people who know you; how badly would they really be hurt. I don't mean the initial shock and everything when they first get the news. I'm talking after the funeral. Would they be honestly suffering? Or would it be more of an act they are putting on? Ask yourself this honestly, and if like me you can say, devoid of all emotion and being perfectly logical: Yes, deep down inside, they would not suffer, they would not be scarred. Then you know you should die, like I am going to. Then you know what you are, why you are here. And you no longer feel the need to die because life is unfair, because it isn't. You just need to die, because you don't belong here.ÊI am not depressed, and nothing I have said should be considered depressing. This is reality, it is neither good nor bad. My emotions have all died and the rest of me is soon to follow. What I feel is not an emotion, it's hard to describe. It's calmness and serenity, but not like you hear the Buddhist monks talking about. It's neither good nor bad, but a very strong and very real feeling. There is no word for it, probably because those who have felt it...haven't hung around long enough to make up a word for it. When you're ready to die, you'll know what I mean.And if what I've said in this post does not pertain to you, if you don't understand it, then frankly, maybe you shouldn't kill yourself.