Too often in our society, we are sent mixed signals about how we should always present ourselves in accordance to the standards the general public demands. We are expected to wear a mask to cover what countenance is truly conveyed by our facial expressions. Sometimes, a person truly is not donning a mask, but rather a materialized application over his or her face that is almost completely transparent in both semblance and circumstance. But there are others who wear masks to hide their true anguish and nature. Some are broken in spirit and dying in purpose, while there are those who smile on the face of the mask to appear content with their present condition, yet others use it to conceal anger and bitter resentment towards a life few comprehend the debilitating details which conceive for them excruciating, chronic pain and turmoil.When you encounter a person, any at all, remember well that the family walking adjacent yourself in the opposite direction may not be leading the life you think. Every human being learns measures to cope with each situation their lives must always endure. For those who are very fortunate, that existence is a blessed affair, one where life has managed to work through the hard toil and labor and the struggles to arrive at their destinations. Still more must place a smile on their faces and portray the appearance of an eternal spring rather than a perpetual winter of discontent. Should you ever decide that everyone is thriving while only you are languid and struggling to maintain your head above water, that generalization is almost assuredly to be wrong a vast majority of the time. Remember this well, and if you should see that it is necessary to assist those in pain, please do so. In the end, you may save that person from his or her final descent into the abyss.If we are to honestly adhere to the principle that we each are to be truly equal, indivisible in the gray null and void from the beauty of diversification on the grandest of scales, then mankind would never exist as it has now for as long as 11,000 years. Our advancements in human achievement towards the propagation of our race and the imperfect moral perfectionism of the human condition were never borne of the talents of the average, but on the shoulders the extraordinary whose burdens were as broad in scope as were Atlas'. If we truly believe that absolute equity begets to all an ultimatum for our standard of world peace, what then may these utilitarians define as the price for this freedom? Who are the sovereign body politic and to whom may we classify taxonomically as our masters? Would we then be serfs laboring the lands belonging to our vassals, or would we have achieved the Marxist utopian preconditions as he laid before his readers by one giving to his or community so that all may contribute to the greater good? The answer to these questions as well as the definition globally of just what liberty may be defined is never uniform and certainly only absolute in the imperfections of each individual's concept. If one chooses to believe that we reside in a world where the individual comprises of one massive collective, the person adheres to the principle that the talents we each possess are not of our own inherent qualities, but rather belong to the world regardless of make. But if we live where collectivization comprises of more than seven billion individuals whose hearts beat to each of their own sovereign property, the fruits of the labors each individuals' talents earn will in the end render onto the world one which Thomas Jefferson referenced in a letter to John Adams as "an aristocracy of virtue." We therefore would benefit by syphoning off the accomplishments wrought by our elbow grease and sweaty brows rather than living off of the ingenuity of others while having not earned what we have.Let the might of each individual always make right from within except for when it does not. Do not listen to what the masses demand of your actions and deportment, for they do not speak for you nor do they echo your convictions. Never fear to act unilaterally or swim as a salmon against the most perilous of river currents, for such a fish will never die triumphantly unless it learns to pose resolutely. When preparing to sail into uncharted waters, you may find temptation to remain at port in safety, but then doing so achieves nothing of your gifts as a ship was never meant to stay docked by the bay. And to the rights of we the liberated, may we never extinguish the spirit of the struggle within each our heart of the patriot, for the freedom we may experience today may see each of us tomorrow swinging from the gallows for our own cause.