Every day for the past year or so I've had to stop myself from committing suicide. I'd like to say that every day I think of a reason to live one more day, but I haven't come up with one yet. My whole life I've always believed that everyone has their low points, but just give it time and things will get better and they always have...until now. I was raised being molested from the age of 2 by quite a few male members of my family and the female members, including my mother, just looked the other way simply because it was the religion my family followed stated that women do not cross the men. Even though I could never forget, I forgave for my own peace of mind. I didn't want to carry around the hate. However, not following their so called religion, made me the black sheep. Fine by me. I have kids of my own now and never allowed them around my family, except to see my mother. I thought she had changed and regretted her non-action. For years I thought she was being a great grandmother. Turns out, from the time my kids were very young, she was manipulating them. Telling them all kinds of horrible and sometimes perverted things about me that weren't true. By telling them about a few of my mistakes that I made as a teenager, which weren't any different than mistakes that many kids make, my mother was able to use the small truths to make them believe the lies. So, now 2 of my 3 kids believe some of the most horrible, outrageous things about me. Things I could never have done. They also won't let me speak to my grandkids. I've cut ties completely from my poisonous family, but all that's left is my one daughter and her kids. Unfortunately, her husband is a control freak that constantly tries to put a wedge between she and I as well as between her and her father. It's just a matter of time before he cuts me and her father and his wife off from being able to see her and the kids. My husband of 20yrs died 3yrs ago and she and those kids are all I have left. I can't even bring myself to tell them I love them, because I know they're going to be yanked away from me. I'm staying next door to them with my ex and his wife until I buy another house in December and all I can think of, is that once I move, it's all over. I'll be able to die without my daughter or grandkids possibly finding me. I'm already dead inside, my body just doesn't know it yet. For a long time I kept thinking that getting my new house would finally let me start my life over, after my husbands death, but I just can't figure out how it's going to change for the better. I'll be living alone with nothing to do but stare at the walls and missing everything I've lost. I'm even living in a state where I don't have one single friend and have lost the ability to make friends. I just don't know what to do or how to fix this. I don't see good in anything or anybody anymore. My family finally won. God, I dragged this out a lot more than I meant to. Sorry.