I Think About You AllI don’t know you and have probably never met you, but I worry about you and every day you are in my hearts not once do I go through a day without thinking what person out there is hurting so bad that they are going to take their own life. And it hurts because you are all so beautiful but ugly people family or friends tell you different call you things tell you things do things to make you feel worthless but you are not. Suicide is not the answer my aunt committed suicide by hanging and it was dreadful I could not even go because I could not handle seeing her and it left me wondering what did I do wrong were where the sine’s. and it is all because no one showed they cared all she wanted was to be loved know someone was there for her and I failed after that day I have done all I can to stop any one ells from thinking about doing this. Because nothing good comes from it only a world of hurt and they might not say it out load but they love you and I’m so so sorry for those of you whose parents say they hate you, I don’t know the pain you must be feeling but don’t take your life because of them you have to look at yourself and see all of your beauty and the world because it’s all there waiting for you. Don’t let their hate take you away from the world. And if it is that bad and you feel you have no other option “RUN” just run and run and don’t look back but don’t give up just get away because once you take your life there is no coming back no more feeling holding smelling touching breathing, I just don’t want you to go because I know how it feels to lose someone like you and it hurts so bad because it is are faults you are gone were where we when you needed us, but that is why I am here now to say don’t go there is hope it’s not to late because people like me are here everywhere you just have to ask for help please don’t take your life you have so much to giveAnd there is so much love waiting for you in the comments bellow just talk to me message me anything you need to because I will be here and I’m not going anywhere. If you don’t want to talk here I have a face book----------à jaspercrawford we can talk there my youtube is also jaspercrawford. Please just step back and breath do whatever it takes but don’t take your life.I love you.