All my life I've only wanted the things maybe others take for granted. A loving Family. Sunlight. Good group of Friends. [this ones pretty stupid but others have taken this for granted] An iPhone. A house that you can call home. Or Jobs.ÊBut in my world, I'm not a person. Not one that counts. Not wanted. Has no rights. No friends. No one there. With words no one hears.ÊI have been raised in a christian home with an abusive step father, physically abused by my grandfather, emotionally abused by my mother. Bullied since the 4th. Homeless by age 19 and jobless. With no one but myself to lean on. Since I am an only child.ÊI could explain everything. Again. But after repeating and repeating over and over things going on in my life someone in my shoes would have already done it.ÊI don't know why others hate me. Especially, when they liked me at first. I don't know why when I am looked at I am automatically disliked when i don't know them or they don't know me.ÊI know I have issues. Depression. Anxiety. Discallcula. PTSD. And I had a lot of help developing those over time. I have also tried to stop it over time.ÊHowever, i do know that still after all twenty years of suffering while I have been living, I do still want end my life. And it is so unfortunate to hear other so called supporters of people like me say " Yeah, I have a friend who is like that who others wouldn't care if they died except me."I defiantly wouldn't stay if I heard my friend say that to someone else but I have heard these things said before and it kills be just to hear people say it behind the backs of the someone they are supposedly 'saving'.ÊPlease don't comment saying you'll join me, because in the end death is an individual thing. Two people can die at the same time, but their lives as individuals determines what path they go.ÊI'm sure God's seen it. Someone with an awful pitiful life dies and goes to hell. Because according to Christians, people who commit suicide go to hell. Maybe i should test their theory.