Maybe jumping the gun, but I really don't think so...Hi All!The name is searra and I'm brand new to this site. Thank you for having me here. I hope I can find information for myself and to be supportive of others who are dealing with cancer of any kind.It all started pretty innocently about a week ago. I came down with that nasty upper respiratory infection and it did not want to go away. I was actually in bed for almost 3 days because of it. My roommate finally said that was it, I had to get up as she was taking me to the ER.At the ER, they gave me a DuoNeb which helped a lot to open up the airways and then sent me for the usual x-ray. Doctor said it was definitely bronchitis but that there was also what looked like a bit of pneumonia in my left lung. Okay, fine, same thing happened 2 years ago. Got put on the Z-pack, some DuoNebs and some prednisone. I started to feel better but then in a couple of days, I was feeling yucky again. Thought it was just the super uber infection that wasn't letting go. Figured I would ride it out or call my doc on Monday if I wasn't better by then.So, along comes Monday and I'm still not up to par but not too bad. Then the phone rings and it's my doctor's office calling me. Hmmm...weird I thought, but yeah okay. They asked if I had insurance yet. I hadn't had health insurance in about 14 years and as luck would have it, I just started on Medicare this month (I'm on disability and had to wait the 2 years to get Medicare).So, of course I asked them why they wanted to know if I had insurance and was told, "Well, the doctor said there is a spot on your lower left lobe that we want to have a closer look at so we need to schedule you for a CT Scan". Oh, okay, no worries, sign me up for one and I hung up the phone.A little later on, the gravity of the phone call hit me right between the eyes. FWAP!!! What the hell???? What do you mean there is a "spot" on my lung, you mean something different from what pneumonia would look like??? Of course the doctors office is now closed when I finally came to enough to realize this was no ordinary thing. Had to wait until the next day to call them back.So, I called them on Tuesday and spoke with the nurse who originally called me. I said to her, "Okay, what exactly is the doctor seeing and why the concern?". Yes, I'm blonde, I fully admit it....LOL.The nurse told me that the tech compared my current x-ray with the one taken in 2012 around the same time and noticed some real marked differences and my doctor was following up and agreeing that this needed further attention.So, here I am. Waiting and wondering like all you wonderful folks have had to do as well. My CT Scan is scheduled for next Thursday afternoon. It's going to be a very long week, but I think I'm doing pretty good at holding up and keeping as positive as I can without letting myself get too carried away in the negative space.I pray to God that I am jumping the gun, but at this point, I really don't think I am. I have a great doctor and I trust her 100%. I've had her for about 20 years now and we have an excellent relationship, and I know when they are truly concerned about something and this is one of those times.As you can probably tell, I deal with difficult things with a sense of humor. It has been one of my saving graces through some pretty horrible times in the past and I assume it will do me well now. My faith, though, will be what absolutely gets me through the darkest of times and for that I am most appreciative.Blessing to all of you!