I hesitate to postHowever, I need to hear from people who know and have been in my shoes. Let me start by saying that the post that was written about "Mr. Google" was awesome. I try to stick to known sites for my info because there is so much unfounded info out there. So here is my situation....I have suffered from bronchitis twice a year , every other year, since I was 19. I am now 35. Last August I had surgery on my sinus cavitys and polyps were found. Holes were drilled in so that drainage would flow. I was told I probably had adult onset of asthma. This past Feb. I began having major female problems. Family doctor placed me on birth control even though I had a tubal 14 years prior. Pains were so horrific one evening that I went to the ER. Cysts were found on my ovaries. I was told in the ER that they were functional. However, when reading my CT scan she tells me incidentally, we found a significantly sized cyst on your lower right lung. She says you may want to have this checked out. I then started a new job and was so fed up with being fed one med after another that I did not return. That was in May. So May through August I have no significant problems. Pains here and there but I really felt that the birth control pills and new Blood pressure meds were working. Until August 12th. I began having pains in my chest. Right in the middle and the lower left lining under my ribs was inflammed and bulging. I went to the ER on the 18th. After a CT scan 2 more cysts were found. They told me I have a nodule aprox. 0.6 x 0.5cm and that there is significant cystic like changes in both of my lungs. Upon seeing my doctor she did a TB skin test (negative) placed me on a new inhaled steriod, a new emergency inhaler and an atibiotic for the inflammation. Breathing is still short off and on, chest pains still present and now all of my lymph nodes are tender on my right side.I have 2 appts this week. One with my family doc and one with pulmonary. What should I be asking? How long after they do a cancer marker test do you get the results back? (I have not had one done yet because I was told that they do not always accurately test for lung cancers.) I am nervous. But, I am a proactive person who wants to be very informed.