Breathe Deep Baltimore Event - Lung Cancer EventsThis past Saturday one of my daughters and I participated in Breathe Deep Baltimore walk. An event put on by Lungevity. I hadn't been to one of their events before. The event took place at the Baltimore Orioles baseball stadium. It was a good event, about a 1000 walkers and 15 or so survivors. I thought there would be more survivors. Members of the Orioles organization were there because one of their staff members passed away earlier this year from LC. She was just 36 yo. Here are a couple of links: about the lady with LC, notice for the event, andstory on the event.I've done several of these events and find them to be quite rewarding. If there is one in your area, whether you are survivor or caregiver, I hope you consider attending.mike46 yo male, non-smoker, 3cm mass in right lungHi all,I'm new here  . I picked this forum because it seems to be the most active one on the web. Here's my story:For about 4 months I've been having a dry cough when I talk, eat, or drink. I went to an urgent care place and later to my PCP, they both thought it was a sinus infection. Antibiotics were proscribed both times, neither series helped. I didn’t go back to my PCP until a July 30th physical that had been scheduled months ago. The PCP was concerned so she ordered an xray and gave me referrals for an ENT and a Gastroenterologist. I had the xray the same day which was found to be abnormal, a shadow on my right lung. Three days later, I had a CT scan. As you would expect, the CT scan confirms the xray. There is a 3cm mass in the upper portion of my right lung. Yesterday morning I had an appointment with the pulmonologist. Now I’m scheduled for a PET scan next Tuesday that will probably be followed by a needle biopsy. As with most of the posts I’ve read so far, I am expecting the worst and hoping for the best. My mom died at 57 from sclc while my dad is still doing well at 82. I’m bummed about the timing of this as I have four children age 10 or younger. Furthermore, I feel pretty good. I just walked to work 1.25 miles then up 8 flights of stairs. Thanks for reading!mike