Need Some Feedback...Hey All,Ive been reading through these posts the last couple weeks and wanted to post and hopefully get some advice and your thought. I resisted posting as long as I could because I have seen a few ridiculous posts and didnt want you to think I'm some nut.35M, smoked 17 years, quit a few months back...finally. Other than my terrible habit, I have been healthy overall. Month back, I started gradually getting a weird pain in my left lung, very hard to describe other than it feels like something is stuck in there. I have wheezing, cough, shoulder pain, back pain, no blood. Pain is there AM to PM pretty steady but has not gotten worse in the last 2 weeks.I went to my PCP and he said it was probably nothing, gave me some antibiotics. Took them, no change. Finally last week I started getting sharp shooting pains as well so I decided to go to the ER. Docs said they could hear a "squeek" in my left lung and decided to do an xray. Side xray showed a weird "artifact" and the doc came in and said, we see an "artifact" but we are unsure what it is so lets do a CT w/contrast. I did the CT and the doc came back and said he doesnt see anything obvious and that I am "probably" going to be fine regrdless of symptoms. Still said he hasnt a clue why the xray looked off.I am not a hypocondratic in any way but at the same time, I am confused as to the ambiguity..."probably", "artifact", "cant be explained".In your experience, are the CT scans conclusive enough for me to let it go or should I be pressing for more investigation given the symptoms? I am not rich, have no insurance, and would prefer not to take this farther cause I havent a clue as to how I will pay for it but I also dont want to miss something.Have a family history of lung cancer and cancer in general so I guess thats another consideration and franjly dont want to bring this up and give my family something to worry about.Sorry for babbling, I am just stuck at this point with symptoms without explanation, doesnt seem like these tests got me any closer to an answer and given my history and symptoms, I really want to do the right thing. If the CT settles it, maybe I wait a while?