Trish Here. Possible lung cancer & metastisized to my liverWow, I typed this whole thing out and lost it when I went to post it. Will try again.Had sudden severe pain under my left ribs this morning. Bad enough that I took myself to the ER. IV pain meds & steroids, x-rays and contrast CT scan.Dr first said pneumonia, was sending me home with meds. Then he came back and said he's had the radiologist look again. They think it's a tumor and there are spots on my liver, so he wanted me to stay for tests. His shift was ending and he was turning me over to a non-ER doc who would check me in. He was very, very nice the entire time.His words started to get through the pain med haze and I realized I didn't want to stay. I'm primary care giver of my 89 year old mom. I didn't want to leave her alone overnight & I'd been gone most of the day.Told new doc the situation and that I'd come back. She said that it had to be confirmed, but they believe I have lung cancer and it has metastisized to the liver. She said the pulmonary doc had looked at my films and agreed but needed to confirm. Bronchroscopy (sp?) to sample due to the location. I'm to call the pumonary doc on Monday.Another ER doc came in to give me my scripts. I asked him how advanced lung cancer had to be to go to the liver. He said advanced. I asked 3 or 4? He said yes.I know the net can be dangerous, but I looked at a couple of cancer sites regarding lung to liver cancer. Typically advanced cancer, prognosis isn't good, palative care. I've known people with early stage cancers that did remarkably well. I've known people with advanced stage cancers who lived longer with treatments, but it wasn't quality by any means. i don't know what I'll do.I'm crazy worried about mom. She and I are together because she wouldn't do well with either of my siblings. What independence she still has, would rapidly dwindle.I'm saying that it's pneumonia right now. I don't want to scare any family or friends. I have to absorb this. Of course, I have to confirm it, but I think the info I have is probably accurate. Glad I found this forum. Thanks for letting me vent.Trish