Squamous and Adenocarcinoma in Right LungIn May of 2012, removed 13 lymph nodes under left arm, squamous met but from where? They did no tumor markers, just guessed that the primary was skin cancer. Radiation only, no chemo. CT's every 3 mos.CT in Aug showed mass right lung, center lobe. But, here's the problem: I had MAC-lung infection that was treated only two years ago. There was the possibility the infection was back. My oncologist said the lobe should absolutely be removed, that biopsy in that location was almost impossible. He told me this the day before I left on a plane to move back to FL after living in CA for 6 yrs. (YES, FL, I missed you so!) That meant I had to find all new doctors right away.My new FL oncologist reviewed my records and the CT and said he didn't think it was cancer. He thought the infection was back. He sent me to a pulminary specialist who ordered a PET. It showed the mass as hot. But an infection can show up hot, too. So, he ordered a needle biopsy. The lab didn't get big enough fragments to analyze. Doctor gave me 3 choices: 1) do nothing and watch it. 2) take another needle biopsy, which he didn't think would work any better than the first. 3) have a surgical biopsy, which he warned was a serious surgery, but would give definite results. I chose 3. Two mos after my CA oncologist told me in no uncertain terms that the lobe had to come out, and I still had no answer whether I needed antibiotics for infection or treatment for cancer. Either way, I needed to start soon.So, I went back to my oncologist, who told me again that he thought I only had an infection. I told him we needed to be SURE. He called the pulminary specialist who set me up with a surgeon. The surgeon warned me that he wasn't doing two surgeries because it is as serious as brain or heart surgery. So, if he found cancer, he was removing however much of the lung need be.Wow. Painful. Big, ugly incisions. I was in ICU for 2 days. Here it is 11 days after the surgery and I am still hurting enough to need 2 percocets every 4 hrs. The surgeon changed his mind about doing 2 surgeries. He is doing a lobectomy or removing the entire lung after I complete chemo and radiation. The mass turned out to be TWO types of cancer: squamous and adenocarcinoma.I'm already marked and molded for radiation, so I expect to start right away. I know I start chemo tomorrow. Took a few photos of me with long blonde hair and a healthy tan. Then, I went out and bought a new string bikini