Too Late?Hello. For the past year and half, I've been (off and on) feeling like there's a knot on the inside on the right side of my chest, near the right flank (close to lower part of rib age). I haven't really given it much thought. Three years ago (right after having my gall bladder removed) I was in a vehicle accident in which both my neck and back were broken, and I'm used to "referred pain", even though this knot/tight feeling isn't really painful as much as annoying. It seems to be greatly influenced by posture - when I stand or sit in different chairs other than a recliner/couch, it nearly completely disappears. Standing up and walking around it's gone completely. Very strange.Well, within the past month, my right knee began to swell a bit and hurt mildly. I had not injured it or bumped into anything, nothing along those lines. Just out of the blue it's swollen (not like a balloon, but swollen) and hurts a little with pressure put on it, like walking up stairs. Well, I scheduled an appointment and did what I probably never should have done - went online and searched Google. Didn't take long to come across knee swelling/pain to be an early symptom of lung cancer especially in middle-aged men. I am 42 years old.This right chest/flank annoyance and the knee are the only issues, nothing else. I am not short of breath at all except with physical exertion. No weight loss (actually gain). No coughing at all. Haven't had flu/pneumonia anything like that in years.So I went to the doctor and explained what was going on. He wasn't a font of information, saying each could be caused by numerous things. So he ordered an x-ray, which I had. After that, he scheduled me for (I think an MRI, might be a CT scan actually) that I will be having this week, and this has me concerned with all kinds of things bouncing around in my head. If he saw something on the x-ray and it turns out to be what I obviously wouldn't like, from what I'm finding - once you're having these symptoms it's already too late.I could be freaking out about nothing here and come back with an embarrassing "okay here's what it really was, I'm so sorry" post. And I probably should have stayed far away from Google. But my primary question here is - if I'm having these types of symptoms, even though none of the others, and that's what it turns out to be, have I probably been stupid and waited too long?Full disclosure - I was a smoker for 25 years (from the time I was 15 or so). I grew up in a family of smokers, though none ever had cancer. Of course it's Russian Roulette in any case. Two years ago I finally did kick the habit and have been smoke-free since. But if I get bad news, I can't blame anyone/anything but myself.