Now the long journey begins biospy doneHi everyone, its Mickey, biopsy done lung did collapsed right after, first 20%, then 50%, wheeled back in asap, chest tube put in and sent to inpatient. Pain meds were making me hallicinate and nauseated at the time. Had a horrible night in hospital, xray this morning showing some but little improvement, sent home with a chest tube in because they said it would make no difference if I stayed an extra day, now have to keep it in until next tuesday. Radiologist got four good samples, definetly looks like cancer.I am very depressed, this chest tube is soooo uncomfortable, felt better when it was hooked up to a machine sucking the air out, but thoracic guy said will take a week no need spending it in a hospital and they stop suction after 24 hours. Radiologist also said it happens alot now and when you stick a needle in a lung its put a hole in it and it takes times for the hole to close up, some heal fast and some don't. Don't know why I thought it was like a tire, stick a needle in a tire it seals right up. So that is where I am home in pain with a chest tube until Tuesday where I will not only get my chest tube out (hopefully) I will get all news on the cancer options.Thought I would start a new thread since Christine did not know whick thread she was answering Mike on and Mike said "Mickey is everywhere" I'm laughing because I guess I usually am on mike's thread.OK I did get questions answered from his PA, he does not go to surgery without doing a bronchioscope and mediastinoscopy, he does both at once. oh joy oh joy oh joy, that check the airways and lymph nodes because they like to be 99% sure before going into surgery she said he does not like opening you up if there is anything in the lymph nodes and the pets are not always accurate. So that mean another trip to the hospital, put under, down the throat, cut etc. I really don't understand that part, because no matter they find its either chemo before surgery or chemo after surgery. Right now this chest tube hurts like all get out and I can't breathe like I was so I am hoping it reinflates to 100% very soon, have to deal with this until tuesday.Has anyone heard of doing all this before offering surgery?? I thought I was at the last of the test. Mickey