New SymptomsHello Everyone,My name is Bill and I have posted a couple of times. I have Muir-Torre Syndrome, a subset of Lynch Syndrome- a MSH2 genetic issue. In 2011 I was diagnosed with Transitional Cell Carcinoma of the upper right ureter and kidney. This past June my doctor found squamous cell carcinoma in my lymph nodes and mediation. Further exploration found a tumor in the left humerus. Chemo had no effect. No undergoing radiation. Lately I have been experiencing not what I would call dizziness but something like that. The best way I can express it is the feeling you have when you are on a small boat that is moving constantly and you get off on the dock and still feel that movement. It happens randomly but at least three to four times a day. No change in medications, diet or exercise. BillHello EveryoneI just found this forum this morning and am encouraged by all the activity. I am a 49 yo male recently diagnosed with lung cancer with met to left humerus. Two years ago I had transitional cell carcinoma of the upper right ureter and kidney (both removed) and then had four months of chemotherapy (Gemzar and Cisplatin). This June I thought I was winding up my time with my oncologist he found a swollen lymph node in my upper right shoulder/neck area. PET scan revealed three masses in the chest-one as large a 9cm and the bone met in the arm. I had three months of chemo-tumors grew despite and now have started radiation (palliative). Some of the tumors were sent up to OHSU for targeting for possible clinical trials (no go). I have Muir-Torre Syndrome (Subset of Lynch Syndrome) and have had several sebaceous carcinomas in the past. My father died of fifty of pancreatic and my sister has had three internal cancers so I expected something was coming. It is still a shock and quite numbing. I am grateful for my career as a Hospice Social Worker and that fact that I have wonderful support for myself and my family from my peers. I will all of you well and at the very least, peace and grace. Bill