  Chemo: The more the merrier?Hi everyone! Nice to meet you all. Since I'm new here, I'll give a quick summary about my situation before asking my questions. I Was diagnosed with 3a in June of last year. I have COPD, so I did chemo first, then radiation.At the time, my cancer was unable to be sub-typed. I have been a life long smoker, so the chemo that was just was a combo of the most common used. I think it was Carboplatin and Taxol.Well that did absolutely nothing. My tumor grew about an 8th of an inch, and my 3A became a 3b. The report said "partial response."So we did another biospy to get a sub type and to see if it could be targeted, and look for different kinds of mutations. I got the report back and it was extremely detailed. I have non small cell adenocarcinoma.One of the chemos that I had, showed that it was supposed to be good for the type I have. But yet it did nothing. None of the pills would work for me, but we did find another chemo, Alimta. I will be taking this one at the end of each month, for about four months. It takes around 10 mins to take. So here are my questions.Alimta for 10 minuets is a heck of a lot less than what I was doing, which was for 2 hours for 2 weeks with a 1 week break. It seems like after all that work, all of the side effects, to take something which I was told would tolerate better just doesn't seem right. Could this other treatment, which I'm taking much less of potentially work for me?My Clinical trial report said targeted therapies for me would be immunomodulatory agents biomarker PD-1, and MDM2 inhibitors biomarker TP53.There are also 5 other chemos in trials with a few more biomarkers. Is this something I should ask my doctor about?Radiation was finished about 2 weeks ago. I go in for a scan next week, and a pet next moth. I was told it looks like it shrunk some, but that the radiation still works after your last treatment, and that some times what appears to be tumor, can really be just a scar or something else. So if I'm understanding this right, it's still possible for the tumor to shrank more, even though radiation is over?Thank you for your help everyone.