G'day from downunder!G'day, I'm Trav  I was searching the net for somewhere to find folks who either have or have had someone in their life going through the same or similar to myself and I think I've found just the right place here.  About 2 months ago I was given the bad news that i had cancer.My diagnosis is Non Small Cell Lung Cancer (right lung), Adenocarcinoma (Bronchioloalveolar carcinoma), T 1a N 3 M 1b Stage IV.My initial report said; extensive right sided cervical adenopathy with necrosis extending from the level of the hyoid to the supraclavicular cervical region, largest measures up to 14mm x 8mm, furthermore there is a lesion of the subcutaneous tissues on the right upper back measuring up to 11mm. Also a 12mm spiculated lesion in right upper lobe with the spicules contiguous with the hilum. The hila bilaterally do appear quite bulky and there are multiple foci of calcification which could represent calcified nodes. The spread through my upper and middle right side lymph system was pretty big, somewhere around 40 or more tumors, to many to count really. The visible lumps on my neck, shoulder, back numbered around 20 or so.The CT scans also showed diffuse emphysematous changes. Not a surprise there, I had been a 10 cigarette a day smoker for 30 or so years.The best news the report did have was that there was no signs of destructive bony lesions.I've accepted the bad news rather well. I have my moments though.I started chemo 3 days after the diagnosis, Paclitaxel + Carboplatin + Bevacizumab/ABP 215. The ABP215 is on the Maple trial.I'm 3 cycles out of 6 through my chemo and it's going surprisingly good. I almost feel bad saying but other then the general tiredness and a bit of soreness the only major problem I've had is with a vein during my 2nd cycle. It came up a bit red on the day but has since bruised up and gotten sorer. The doc's have said it's pretty normal and nothing to worry about which is good but that's really the extent of problems I've had. I did a bit of looking around on the net and found some others had used a cream called Hirudoid to help with vein problems such as this. This stuff has been fantastic, the soreness has all but gone and the hardness and swelling is a lot better and getting better every day. I could not recommend this stuff highly enough but do check with your nurses or doc to be sure it's ok for you to use.I did spend 4 days between my 1st and 2nd cycles in an isolation room at the hospital due to a bit of an infection I got. My whites where right down, the scale they used to explain to me what my neutropenic level was had me at 0.1, can't get much lower! This was pretty easily cleared up with 72 hrs of every 6 hrs on a IV of Piptaz (Tazocin). It wasn't a pleasant stay as I was missing my Mrs & kids and it was on the 2nd night in there my hair started to fall out. I was thinking my hair wouldn't start to go until the 2nd cycle or so, didn't expect it after my 1st cycle. I wont have to worry, hopefully, about going back for the same issue in the future as they've got me on Neulasta after each cycle now, with the expense being picked up by the Maple trial folks. My 15yr old daughter and my 14yr old son have had the pleasure of giving dad these shots so far and have enjoyed the experience of being able to really hands on help me, they are great. Little Miss 7 yr old wants a go next, with her sisters help I'm going to let her have a go also. The clinic trials manager told me after my last cycle the CT scans were very positive and I could get up to 2 years. That's so much better then the original months I was first given. The tumors have, almost all of them that were clear on the CT shrunken by a good 30%. I was rather surprised by how rapid the shrinkage was. From my 1st cycle I could see the lumps on my neck, shoulder and back shrink down to the point that the only mark left is a slight discoloration of my skin, it's a bit darker then the surrounding skin.I have a great family and friends around supporting me but they all have a bit of a lack of understanding and that does make it a bit tough sometimes, which is what brought me here.There seems to be a lot of folks here who have more experience with whats going on with me then those around me, which is not to put down the people around me, they mostly just don't get it.I guess I'm just looking to chat with people who can kind of get whats going on with me.Anyways that's enough from me for now I guess.  Trav