LUNG CANCER PATIENTS - ImmunoThearpy Works!Hello forum ... I accidentally ran into this forum doing my normal scan for breakthroughs in Lung Cancer. I have Non-Small-Cell-Lung cancer (NSCLC)I was annoyed for months over a small sharp pain like a pin poking me where the chest meets the underarm. I just dealt with this for months, but finally asked the doctor about this. He did not know what it was and ordered a CT scan.The next Monday the doctor was shocked and informed me I had a 5cm (size of a plum) in my upper right lung lobe. If you are here, you know what happens next, doctor visits, scans, blood work, second opinions, third opinions. OMG .. my life instantly changed into a CANCER PATIENT.I went everywhere, UCLA, USCD, MD Anderson, Pinnacle Oncology and everyone told me the same thing ... I was going to die! I did THREE rounds of chemo and the chemo almost killed me. No way I will ever do that again!Finally MD Anderson agreed to remove the right upper lung lobe. (that's another story -- ouch!) I left the hospital in great paid and NO CANCER ... they could see.Six months later in a follow-up I was told the cancer was now in the remainder of my right lung and also now the left lung. There was no was to fix me, I was told I was going to die and could just take more chemotherapy to extend my life a few more months. I scrambled for research and found CLINICAL TRIALS. Started my first one at UCLA at for removal of Dendertic Cells, cloning and re-insertion. This was to increase the killer cells and attack the cancer. Lot of time and pain and it did not work.Back to the main oncologist at UCSD San Diego .. "you are going to die, take chemo again." I just could not accept this answer. Ever drug in the world that works went through clinical trials, so why not cut to the chase and get the drugs BEFORE they are approved.Now get this .. your doctor .. the one you trust to save your life probably will not send you to a place to get a free clinical trial. Think about what you have been through, vist after visit, scans, tests, treatments, chemotherapy at $50 a bag. If a doctor sent to away to get a free trial, they would be loosing $500,00- $1,000,000 in medical billings in your case. Remember, we ARE in a capitalistic society. I hit the internet, Google, ClinicalTrials.gov and found "The Angeles Clinic" in Los Angeles, just a few miles from UCLA. They had a trial from the huge pharma Merck and Co. The trial is the Anti-PD1 Trial (MK-3475) I knew I was I was in the right place the first day I was there. The staff is very compassionate and basically becomes your first name family as you will be going there bi-weekly for two years. My doctor even hugged me ... never saw that at any other facility I was treated at! Everyone in the waiting room talks to each other. Crazy because other facilities, everyone really keeps to themselves. Everyone ios telling me they are cured or in some position of having their tumors completely disappeared. I even saw a Melanoma patient come in with tumors on his ear and face .. these tumors were gone the third time I saw him. AND he had a lung tumor and kidney tumor and they were totally gone in just six months! (I never realized how deadly Melanoma was)The short story here is cancer cells have a protective protein that communicates with your immune systems T1 Killer Cells. This protein tells the killer cells to move on, everything is OK here. Your immune system SHOULD eat the cancer, but it gets confused with these signals from the cancer cells.Anti-PD1 destroys the communication path between the cancer cells and the T1 Killer Cells. No communication, no confusion. Think of a Pac Man game and that is the result of removing this communication pathway.Thirty minute drip every two weeks with very minimal side effects. Itchy spots and some fatigue. NOTHING like the side effects of standard chemotherapy! I felt like I was hit by a freight train with standard chemo. The chemo almost killed me and did kill a friend of mine in Florida. Stopped his heart cold.The first scan there was very little change and I was disappointed. But the doctor told me tpo be patient, that the immothearpy takes at least 60 days to get things moving, it is not like a antibiotic pill. After sixty days the tumors started to decrease, decrease more and decrease at every nine week scan. Of the four largest tumors, they are all gone now and numerous small lesions that were everywhere just disappeared! The Radiologist shows me four computer screens with fours scans and you can literally see these spots just disappear. MK-3475 really works. I am in remission now. Not to say I am cured and there is not some cells running around looking for a new tumor to start, but I can tell you I am very much alive at this moment in time and very excited about how this drug can save thousands of Lung Cancer patients with very little hope. So much do I believe after seeing all these other people be cured, I spent every last available money I had on Merck stock at $42 and it is now $57 Once they get FDA approval for Melanoma in Q3 - 2014, this stock will skyrocket. I am not a stock guy, I own only this one stock. I just took a chance because I personally saw the results right in front of my eyes.I even wrote the FDA after hearing they were considering Fast-Tracking the Ebola drug after nearly 1000 Africans died from the drug. Did they forget that hundreds of thousands die from Melanoma and Lung Cancer each year? Are they worried about an itchy crotch and some fatigue? Really .. I personally think there is no worse side effect born by cancer than decomposition ... what chemo will eventually bring you! FDA, release this drug and save THOUSANDS of people!RUN - DON'T WALK to find a clinic near you that has either the Merck MK-3475 or Genetech - Bristol Myers (BMS) or MedImmune trials. You can find them at http://ClinicalTrails.gov Don't wait until you are almost dead and so weak your immune system will not eat the cancer. You need to be strong and have a strong immune system. I saw people wheeled in that waited and tried to use a trial as the last chance .. they died because they were too weak. Get out of the big facilities and get a trial. Everything is free except the normal office visits and scans your insurance will pick up. What are you waiting for? I know - I know your doctor you trust because you are scared and need to trust someone. Trust yourself and the statistics. Google "PD1 Cancer breakthroughs" and see for yourself. Google the results and summaries of the ASCO Oncology convention in Chicago 2014. Immuotheary is ALL they talk about now. No more killing your body and more helping your body kill the invaders.Good Luck to all of you cancer patients and GOD BLESS YOU ...