somebody please help meHi,I'm really sorry to be here and I'm even sorry for everyone else who has had to come here too, my thoughts are with you all.Anyway, I'll get down to my story, my nanna has been really poorly for about 5 months, she isn't a woman to complain as she is the strongest most inspirational woman I know and has fought everything that has been thrown at her. The gp came out a number of times as she was complaining of a bad chest and instead of examining her, he just gave her antibiotics each time and said she had a chest infection. Anyway 3 weeks ago, she had a really bad turn and I had to phone 999. The paramedics had said if we had left it ten minutes later she would have died. She had a heart attack and said they had never known a woman recover so quickly. While she was in hospital, they said they would look at her chest and found a mass on her lung.My nanna all the time kept positive and said she didn't think it was that as she had never felt as well. After having a bronoscopy, we got the awful news 3 days ago that it was lung cancer which was inoperable. He said she could have had it for years and could live with it for years, but obviously he isn't a cancer specialist so we have to wait till next Friday to discuss treatment options.Why I'm here is because I know nobody can tell me everything is going to be OK, but I'm confused at what to do or how to feel. She is sleeping all the time, but has been put on beta blockers and I'm not sure if this has anything to do with it? Her breathing has getting so much better since being on these as I'm guessing the Tumor had put so ,much strain on her heart which caused the heart attack but I'm just making assumptions. I was wondering if anybody could tell me anything about these meds and she's also been took off other tablets so don t know if they cause sleepiness all the time either.I'm finding it really difficult and I'm trying to be strong but I have never been so heart broken or sad in my life. I don't want this to be the end as she has fought bowel cancer for 20 years, this woman is my life and I'm genuinely scared because I don't want her to suffer and its awful having to watch my mam try and be strong for me, for her and for the rest of the family. My nanna apart from the sleeping all the time is in good spirits and saying she doesn't feel like she has it. She is frightened about seeing the cancer specialist as I don't think she wants times or how long they are going to give me. I'm just hoping somebody on here can give me some hope, I know it can't be cured but I feel if I can be positive I can get my nanna to fight this and hopefully have some happiness.I'm so sorry to come here as I know people have it much worse and I pray for you all, but any help or advice would be much appreciated. Thank you so much xxx