Dbl. lobectomy - recovery and expectationsThis post will be long so I will describe my situation here and in a separate post in the thread raise my questions.Even though I wish I felt better in a number of ways, I do feel very fortunate for a few things in this chapter of my life (which is male, 57). I have non-small cell (NSCLC) stage 1 lung cancer, which by all testing and signs was caught and dealt with before it could spread which was caught by accident. My GP had sent me to get an x-ray for something in my back, which turned out fine. Apparently he did NOT read the ‘whole’ report from the radiologist. Within a few months, and for other mounting reasons I decided to dump him and find another GP. Time for my annual physical with my new GP who apparently read all my old records with more attention to detail, and wanted a chest x-ray as the old report noted a small shadowy area possibly in my lung (the part my former GP didn’t bother to catch). Sure enough and he sent me for a CT scan the next day and there was an approximately 3cm mass in my lower right lobe. Then off to PET scan which at that level gave us reason to believe it had not spread yet and the GP said they would probably just cut that lower part of my right lobe out and that would be it … they always make it sound so simple. Now off to find a surgeon that “I” was satisfied with … although there are never any guaranties. [btw … IMHO opinion he lived up to the rep of being one of the best thoracic surgeons around and I happen to like him as well … although he like most surgeons don’t tell you everything about what to expect during and after. Among other testing he did a MRI of my brain which was all clear. The plan > he would go in and staple and remove the area around the mass, send if off immediately to pathology and if it was in fact malignant he would continue on and remove the entire right lower lobe and all the lymph nodes he could … about 5 hours later I woke and began my recovery which I’ll mention in my next post. This was last August ’13. In the original CT scans there were also two areas of ground glass opacity (GGO) very close to one another in my upper left lobe which he said we would just keep an eye on as they may or may not develop into anything. Well, at my first post-op 3 month scan and check-up one of the GGOs had started to develop into a nodule with a defined shape … albeit small … not good news and we continued to monitor it until early this year when it reached about .85cm. He decided it was time to act (I am thinking they wanted to wait as long as they could because of the heavy anesthesia from the first one … I sure have learned what a long lasting effect that can have that I never would have expected). He and the hospital’s “Tumor Board” decided the best treatment was to remove the upper portion of my upper left lobe. That second operation took place just about 3 months ago … although there was a surgical complication which resulted in them having to take out the entire upper lobe, and the remainder of the lymph nodes.The recovery from this 2nd surgery is taking SO much longer with added elements and that’s where my questions come from which will be in the next post below. My next follow-up and scan will be in early December … hoping for a clear picture!Again, I feel very fortunate as from all the sources I have talk to or heard from … it is less than 15% of people with LC that have it caught that early. Sorry for the long story.