Awaiting biopsy2 months ago a CT scan showed a mass in my right lung assumed to be a primary carcinoma. The specialist I saw told me the mass was badly positioned making bronchoscopy/biopsy not viable, so he sent me home with an appointment for a new scan 2 months hence.My original post : http://www.cancerforums.net/threads/...-but-maybe-not!My long wait is finally over and I have seen the specialist again. Sadly for me, he didn't have the good news I was hoping for. He had asked me to wait 2 months between scans saying that a benign/inflammatory lesion would have shrunk during that time, but a cancerous lesion would not.I also have a long history of multiple sclerosis, and because of that disease I often get food and fluids going down into my windpipe instead of my stomach. ...so the doctor was hoping this mass an area of inflammation caused by foreign material in my lung if that was the case, the mass would have subsided in 2 months ... but it has not. The mass has actually grown which makes the chance of it being benign rather remote now.Initially the specialist had told me that he could not biopsy the mass because it lies amid a group of major blood vessels, and the chance of puncturing one of those was high, making the procedure too dangerous to attempt, but yesterday he told me that he had discussed me at a meeting with other chest specialists and radiologists, and the head Radiologist is prepared help him biopsy the mass under XRay procedure. I do hope it's possible because treatment cannot really commence until they know the type of cancer we are dealing with.So once again I wait, but this time it's waiting for the hospital to call with a surgery date for me. He told me it will probably be next week, and gave me an appointment a few days before Christmas to get the biopsy results.Emotionally I had been doing quite well. 2 months was such a long wait and there were times when I got very impatient and short tempered, but overall I was doing OK. Now I'm feeling rather down in the dumps and sorry for myself. I can't stop thinking about the things I'm going to miss out on, especially our little grandson as he grows. I've become rather teary although I try and hide it from my husband because that sets him off as well. Also on my mind is on how my husband is going to cope throughout my illness/ treatment. He's already quite a mess and I've not even started treatment yet. He only has one good friend and very limited family support ( one son in this city and one estranged son) so I have been trying madly to get as much organised for him as I can. For example, I handle all our legal and financial dealings because they really fluster him. Technical things have him stumped! He can't use a computer and he even has trouble working the mobile phone. He has no idea how locate a number from our contact list, or tune in a TV, or set the VCR to record or watch a movie, ... the list in my head grows longer ever day.Everything seems such a burden at the moment. 