Scared and WaitingHello everyone. I am 51 year old, a former smoker and have rheumatoid arthritis. I had a chest x-ray July 2012 at my Rheumatologists office because I am on the IV drug Orencia. Because of a mix-up, I wasn't notified of the results or recommended to have a CT scan until March 2013. The CT findings: There is evidence of apparent parenchymal scarring within the right lung apex. There is a 4.5 x 1.5 cm oblong density present within the left lung apex. This is associated with surrounding fibrotic change.There is no evidence of pleural effusions. No other suspicious opacities are otherwise noted within the lungs. The tracheobronchial tree is patent. With review of the mediastinum, no mediastinal adenopathy is unremarkable.Impression:1) There is a 4.5 x 1.5 cm left apical density. Although this may represent progression of fibrosis, a left apical malignancy may not be excluded. Recommend CT/PET scan for further assessment.I have had lung nodules in 2008 and several CT's with no change and I stopped visiting my pulmonologist. I didn't really take this seriously until I saw my Rheumatologist on May 1.I saw my pulmonologist on May 20 and will have the PET scan on May 31. I am scared out of my wits now. I don't know what the chances are that this isn't a malignancy, but the waiting is such a killer. So much what if? and why? This seems to large to be benign, but I do have lung problems from the RA. I am just so scared. The pulmonologist said it could be a scar or it could be cancer.I have a friend who is fighting stage IV lung cancer and I've been praying for her every day, and offering as much support as I can. I never thought that I may face the same fight. My mother died at 60 from colon cancer and her brother passed a few years later with lung cancer with mets to his brain.I have been reading your stories and am inspired by your strength and optimism. If you have any advice or information to share, I would appreciate it.Love, prayers and positive thoughts for us all,Diane