  Can a 14 year old get lung cancer?I recently became friends with someone at college who seemed nice enough. However, I'm worried that I may be being lied to...A few weeks ago, while a bunch of us were in the dining hall...he mentioned that he had lung cancer when he was 14. He said it had to do with his step dad making drugs in the house (which sounds like absolute bull shit), but I didn't want to seem judgmental just in case it was true. Over the next few days he started talking about how he ran cross country in high school, and also plays alto saxophone. It seemed odd to me because of how much lung capacity you need in order to actually play the sax...I've wanted to play for years but I can't because I have asthma. He said that he had four days to live, and that the doctors had to wait until his last day of life in order to remove the tumor, yet that seems odd because he'd be to weak to have surgery performed on him. He states that he had stage 3a lung cancer, which apparently started to spread to his stomach. However, they also suspected that he was at stage 4 lung cancer around the time he went into a two week coma. This supposedly happened in 2010, so I went and I checked his Facebook to see....(I probably sound like a horrible person). In the entire year of 2010, there were no messages from family or friends in support of his struggle with cancer. Also, every photo from every month of 2010 shows him with lovely locks of hair (which I'm pretty damn sure is not a wig). It's a huge contrast to my friend Sam's page, she was just diagnosed with Leukemia for the third time. Her entire page is filled with notes from family and friends. Also, she is quite gorgeous even during the time she is in chemo. I'm only posting this question because I'm not sure if he's telling me the truth or not. I don't want to outright question him because I don't want to upset him, but I feel like I'm being lied to. Also lung cancer isn't a fun topic for me...I lost my aunt to breast cancer, and my boyfriends dad died of lung cancer.