Newly DiagnosedHi, my name is Teresa I am female and will be 59 in August. have been newly diagnosed with NSCLC and this is all I know at this point. Waiting for an appointment to be made for me at the West Clinic in Memphis to begin staging. I have been being followed for pulumonary mac for the last 2 years, treated and appears to be gone. But oh no a new nodule on lower right lobe. Biopsy was done on 4/23 and just got the results on 05/05/15. Was not told anything else other than it is NSCLC. I am real upset with my lung doctor right now (he is new to me). I seen him for what was to be a routine exam for me on 04/07/15, during regular exam had a PFT, CT scan etc. Received call from Dr's nurse and she told me the CT wasn't good and they would like for me to have a PET scan and a biopsy done here are the times of your appointment, I say ok. But when I hung up I started to wonder did they sent all my previous scans to the radiologist to compare or is he just seeing my case for the first time and making this recommendation. So I call nurse back and she snaps at me so you don't want to have this done. And I replied no that was not the issue I just want to make sure since I am a new patient to your group that the radiologist is looking at the whole picture and not what he is seeing today. So she could not answer this question so I called the radiologist office that read the scan and inquired if they did in fact received all my previous scans to compare and was told they did. So I call and tell the nurse yes I need to have the biopsy done so they schedule this for 04/23/15 and the paper that the clinic that performed the biopsy they say they need 2 full days before results are given to my doctor. I wait until late Tuesday(4/28/15)(3 full days) and call and am told they have not received anything back yet. Am also told that my doctor is out of town and would not be back until Friday 05/08/15. So I wait, since this is my 4th biopsy I know it doesn't take forever to say if cancer or not. I call again on the 05/05/15 and left message as to if they have results back yet, around 5pm I receive a call from another doctor in the group and am given results. Is it normal when results are not good to set on them if your doctor is out of town and wait till he gets back to give you results. So I am waiting for cancer doctor appt and could have already had one if the would have called with result 1.5 week ago. But I know this is going to be a one day at a time thing and I am ready to move forward. Just know I am going to need some support and somewhere to get answers to questions I don't know who to ask.Thanks for listening.Teresa