Lung Nodule; should I be worriedI am a 38 year old male, non-smoker. During a physical last week, my chest x-ray showed something unknown. My GP, told me not to be worried (he stressed this several times) but told me that he was going to have me get a CT scan, because he didn't want to ignore it. I had the CT scan done on Friday the same week, and the following Tuesday (today) I received a call from a nurse at my GP's office saying that the CT scan showed that I have a nodule in my upper left lung. They are sending me to a lung specialist this Thursday. I probed the nurse for answers like, does the GP's original statement not to worry still stand, did the radiologist say if it looked cancerous, etc. She said I didn't need to worry, and that the GP was sending me to the specialist because he didn't want to ignore it; and that the specialist would work with me to decide what needs to be done. I got the impression that the nurse was not allowed to make any comments on what she thought it might be. I also got the feeling that the GP was sending me to a specialist because he didn't feel comfortable making the call.Despite my GP originally telling me not to worry, I am. I've been searching the Internet, but most of what I have found has only told me that I haven't been asking the right questions. From the statement that the nurse made, it appears to be just one nodule. But I don't know what size it is; I don't know the shape, or consistency; I don't know if it has smooth edges, if it's calcified or not.I've read that it can be scarring. I had Pneumonia once in 1998. I have had a history of Bronchitis (usually once or twice a year in the spring and/or fall) since then. I typically see a different doctor when diagnosed with Bronchitis, and she usually has a chest x-ray done as part of the diagnosis. If an unknown or a nodule has been present in those x-rays, she has never said anything. The most recent of those x-rays was last December or January. This fact has me worried that this nodule went from nothing to something in just 6 months.My last bout of Bronchitis (diagnosed last December or January) took almost two months to fully go away. The symptoms recently came back (and are still here) about a month ago. I haven't been to the doctor about it because this is allergy season, and I usually get these symptoms during allergy season. However, the recent Bronchitis and allergies have had a wheezing symptom that I don't remember having before.I have none of the other symptoms that I've read about others having. No pain in the shoulders or back, etc.As for a family history. My grandmother died of pancreatic cancer in her 60's. She was a heavy smoker. My mother on the same side, was a non-smoker, and was diagnosed and died of pancreatic cancer in her 60's. Despite this, my mother's doctor said that her kind of cancer was not hereditary, and I shouldn't worry. When I pointed out that her mother died of the same thing at the same age, he said it was a coincidence, and that if I did develop the same kind of cancer, I wouldn't need to watch for it until I was in my 60's.Again, I'm 38, and most of what I read says if you're under 35, that it's less than 1% chance that a lung nodule is cancer, and that if you're over 50 that increases to a 50% chance. I assume that my chances are going to be closer to the under 35 category.I guess my questions are, should I be worried at this point? And what questions should I ask the lung specialist at my appointment?Any information or experiences would be appreciated. Thanks.Steve