I have a 4 year old with my ex. I've been with my partner for 3 years and expecting a baby together.ÊTruthfully, my partner is more of a father to my child than my ex. It isn't that my ex is a bad dad. He is actually a good dad but due to not having whole weekends off and other commitments he only has my son for 4 hours a week on his day off which suits me. My partner works all week but has weekends off so we do the family thing, my partner is up with him when poorly if I'm exhausted (heavily pregnant) and treats him as his own. My ex and my partner accept each other and are happy with this situation.ÊMy partners Mum seems to have a problem with my son seeing his dad and thinks he shouldn't see him and call my partner dad. I would love for him to call my partner dad but it wouldn't be fair on my ex.She visited on my sons birthday recently and was looking through his cards turning her nose up at the cards he received from his dad and nanny etc on that side. I felt so small when she made it sound like he shouldn't of seen them. My exs partner love my son to bits.ÊShe also has a partner that she insists that my son and our baby will call grandad. I Would never say anything but the bloke doesn't have a relationship with his own kids so why would he want to be grandad to someone else's kids but there you go.ÊShe also insists she knows everything first. She got funny when my mum saw our scan photo before her. My mum had my son while we went so what does she expect? For me not to show my mum when we picked my son up? She gets funny if we don't go over to Christmas dinner. We usually have our own dinner to not upset anyone and visit both my family and my partners during the day. As well as my son seeing his dad.ÊI'm worried sick she is going to be visiting all the time when our baby is born. I don't mind people coming over but it can get too much. We both like our own privacy and home comforts.ÊIt makes me feel upset and down. Like I can't enjoy anything once our baby is here. Will it get worse?ÊI just like everyone to be equal and keep the peace.