I'm feeling insecure, and ashamed, hence the wimpy name change!For a little background, I have two DC, aged 3 and 5. Eldest in reception and youngest about to start her 15 hours (although did two mornings a week in playgroup anyway so I could do a part time course). I'm a SAHM (course only takes me 4 hours a week so barely counts), and have been since eldest was 1.I love my kids very much, and do enjoy their company most of the time. I don't feel lonely when they're around and I can think of quite a few things I really love to do with them (morning cuddles in bed etc). But I'm really looking forward to them going back to school/playgroup! Despite being nice, well behaved kids, the noise and mess is getting to me! I'm also bloody bored! I'm bored of refereeing, bored of thinking of child friendly things to do and bored of 'look Mummy, look!' every two seconds!I thought this was fairly normal, but all of a sudden I feel alone in this. My Facebook (yes, I know, I know!) is filled with happy outings, and a huge thread with all the school mothers going on about how they're dreading the kids going back, how they wish they could be with them all the time. Really? Why am I so horrible?I don't know if its because I'm the only SAHM among them? They say they miss their kids when they're at work and I totally understand that, so maybe I just have too much time with mine? We (DH and I) don't have any family support, so if one of us wants a break the other watches the kids. Except that DH NEVER seems to want a break. He loves being with the kids every spare minute he has, whereas I'd happily escape to the gym for an hour everyday if I could. (I should add, DH is great with giving me 'me time')They all make me feel like a horrid person because I don't want to spend every minute of every day with my kids, I feel like I'm not cut out to be a parent  I do love them, and they make me laugh with their funny ways, but why am I the only one that can't bring myself to say 'I wish I could be around them all the time?