I feel so low today and I'm going to see a bf specialist next week but wanted to hear advice from other mamas.My daughter was born weighing 6.8 and at her 12 week weigh in she is now 11.7. Although she is putting weight on she has "dipped" on the weight graph so I've been asked to go back in two weeks. This made me feel pretty crap.My LO feeds every two hours in the day. She then cluster feeds a little at night and then sleeps 3-4 hours before her next feed. Then 2-3 hours until it's morning and we are then back to two hour feeds. She feeds beautifully at night but it seems in the day my milk let down seems slower so she fusses at the boob until the let down and she is then very content. I should also mention that she feeds from one boob at a time (unless she is having a growth spurt) and only for ten minutes. I am not concerned about this as have researched it and seems normal.What upsets me is I feel I have very little support from anyone but my partner. 1) From day one my friend and her mother keep suggesting I express and crumble risk with it so baby has more. They say it all the time. The mother (even though she formula fed) even talks to my daughter saying "I know, mummy's bad not giving you any rusk". 2) I feel crap about her last weigh in. 3) now my mum (even though she formula fed) after seeing baby fuss at boob in the day has said sadly milk supply does fade and bought me some formula and has told me a sad story about a baby passing away due to dehydration! ;( Why are people making me feel this crap. It's all said in kindness I suppose but it just leaves me crying to my partner at night.My baby is happy, smiley, active, fed on demand, satisfied after each feed and has plenty of wet nappies. So how can I not be giving her enough?! Please tell me I'm right and I don't need to start giving her formula. It means so so much for me to continue to bf exclusively and it seems I am being persuaded not to.Thanks for all advice and support in advance.From one anguished mama xxx