I've been suffering from depression for 2 decades but have always managed to be able to put a fake smile on my face and carry on, but these day's I just can't do it anymore. For the last 2 years I can't bare being alone anymore, i'm always crying and feeling sorry for myself, I also feel so sorry for my 8 yr old son. I feel unable to go out, I certainly can't find work even though I am signed off from being able to work, I would love to be out there earning my own money. I can't find a job, (been looking solid for 21 months). My CV is like a blank sheet of paper so I tired enrolling for courses, with different companies and colleges, only to be told I can't get any qualifications because i'm not on the right benefit, or I am too old (i'm 35), or I can't get funding because I have been funded before many years ago but my ex-partner gambled away the money. I'm alone all of the time, I know I have my son, but it's not like I can have an adult conversation with him and he's always off doing his own thing, he also never wants to go anywhere so I can't even take him out for the day as the cheek and moaning I get, I just can't stand it. I never go anywhere I never seem to see my friends anymore as there always busy, I have no money to go anywhere, no one comes anywhere near me, i'm so painfully shy and flat broke as the child tax credits are taking money away saying I had an overpayment 6 years ago, which I disputed but didn't and can't win and i'm also paying back a social fund loan so that's another chunk of money gone per week, but I had no choice. My Carers allowance got knocked back, my GP won't help me as I've been through the mental health system before and now they just threaten that if things are that bad their going to get social services in. I am so fed up with everything I just feel like there's no future for me at all apart from washing and ironing, I can't take this anymore, I don't know what to do, there just seems no help anywhere, does anyone know what I can do? I don't know where to start with anything. I know I sound like a spoilt selfish person, but by god, am I sick to death or what