Just on for a bit of a rant due to PILs controlling behaviour  my DH is a 34 yr old single child and to give a bit of background MIL went back to work when he was 6 weeks old so def holds a grudge that I'm a stay at home mum to DS 2 and DD 4 months. DH side of the family (him inc but not as bad as he used to be!) are at best emotionally/socially constipated at the best of times both PIL were school teachers so have a stance of we are kids having kids and are not afraid to voice their opinions on literally every aspect of our life's before and after kids. The latest being that we told them we were considering moving to a new house a couple of streets up from where we currently are as feel we needed more room. It would have been a bit of a stretch money wise but we felt that it was a good time with interest rates being low etc to go ahead. Stupidly and against my advice as knew it would be met with the usual negativity DH told PILs of what we were considering which lead to a week long barrage of emails (everything is sent in email form due to social emotional constipated state that means they cannot function in a normal conversation that may lead to us standing up for ourselves!) of how they "simply cannot sit by while we make a massive mistake!!"" And remind me I do not have a job!!!""we weren't getting enough for our house" etc etc etc to the point that hubby had doubts and we lost out on the house!! I am fuming now as it looks to them as if we have toed the line due to their input and have received yet another email telling us not to worry the right house will come at the right time how can I get it across to them to back of and stop overly involving themselves in our family life ( they are both retired and I unfortunately see far more of them than DH as they come down and camp out for the day as we live so far away 35mins!!) there has been lots I sly digs and comments in the past as they have never really accepted that I am good enough for their golden child and after 5 years of underhand bullying im close to loosing it!!any advice on how to get the point across would be great - sorry for the rant but I could write a book!!