Just wondering really would you/do you expect a bit of help with your kids from time to time ie babysitting whilst you have the occasional night out, picking up from school/nursery once in a while? And if your parents/Inlaws are forthcoming with help, how often do they?ÊIt's just that I don't get any help from my parents at all with my three children, and whilst I realise that they are my children and therefore my responsibility, I also would love to have a night out with dh every once in a while and think that everyone deserves a little me time.ÊMy kids are 13,9 and 4, the youngest, my dd is autistic and due to all the issues we have had with her me and dh haven't had any time alone since she was born, unless you count an hour when he came to a hospital appointment with me lol. Anyway I understand that my youngest can be a challenge but on the other hand she is such a loving little girl that it's hard just not to love and cuddle her. She is ok with people she knows but wouldn't be ok say if a hired a babysitter who she wasn't familiar with, it would be an absolute disaster.My husband works a mixture of early morning and late shifts and as my eldest two do a lot of after school activities, rugby, football, swimming, Cubs etc etc when dh is on Lates I have to take dd with me, but as sown f these activities only finish at 8/8.30 she is abolition exhausted. Now I'd of thought my parents would have offered to come and watch my dd for an hour at my house every now and then in order for me to take the boys to their activities but no. Like tonight for instance, she's had meltdown after meltdown at nursery (she goes 2 hours a day) I pick her up and she's aggressive with me but then manages to calm down and I could see she was exhausted. My parents turned up at my house an hour again and dd ha fell asleep on the couch as she was exhausted (still asleep now) now they knew it was ds's swimming lesson tonight and they knew I'd struggle to rise dd and get her into the car and drive to swimming and then sit there for 45 mins, but still didn't offer. Now I know I could of asked but I feel really awkward and I know what the answer would of been anyway. But it's getting to the point now we're I feel a hit resentful towards them as they know how Much I struggle of an evening yet they can't give up an hour once a week to help me. Am I the only one who feels like this, I can't be surely?