Two dcs. dc1 is very much the 'know it all' of the family and has the propensity to tell everyone around that they are wrong, that X is actually xxx etc (and he is usually right to be honest). He always wants to have the last word. And he is always right. Especially when it comes to his brother.dc2 has always been the one who hardly talks until about 6months~1 year ago. He is also prone to outbursts (think AS type of outbursts) and is usually over reacting to things. So a slight touch is enough to make him shout in anger 'why did you do that for?!!?' or he can go along playing nicely with dc1 untilk suddenly he will start screaming because of a huge  thing that dc1 has done.Now my issue is how do I deal the two dcs behaviours, none of which are OK (buit also all of which are understandable iyswim). dc1 needs to learn to accept people have different views than him. he needs to learn to let people talk wo correcting them. He needs to learn that some people will have a much higher sensitivity than him and to respect that.I have tried to tell him again and again, pulled him up on it to no avail. And I end up feeling I always have a go at him in particular.dc2 needs to learn to stop shouting/screaming and to take a step back. Which is asking a lot from him. Tbh he has learnt a lot. He is now able to tell exactely what IS not acceptable to him. And even though he is shouting, it's much better than when he was lashing out, hitting his db instead. So progress but still not within the 'acceptable behaviour' range iyswim. Again, I pulled him up on it, I explain, try to give him tools to deal with it etc... but it's slow moving. More importantly, dc1 doesn't understand why his db is behaving like this and clearly thinks he should be able to control himself as he does.I'm at loss as to what I could do both to help them improve their behaviours and to ensure that their relationship will come out as intact as possible after the teenage years (dc1 is 12yo and dc2 is 10yo).