Ds is 18 months, he is a lovely little boy, walking (running when he can!), great fine motor skills, good verbally, hitting his milestones no problem. But, just recently he's started to tantrum in quite spectacular style.ÊThe tantrums seem to be affected by tiredness and he's in the awkward stage of going from two naps to one. We've had two enormous ones this week which have left me feeling like the worst mum ever. The first was when we went to the park. It was the afternoon, ds had had a two our nap 10-12, we met a friend of mine at the park at 2. The park was about a half an hour drive away and ds was fine during the journey. When we got to the park he was happily walking along when he saw a dog. Now we have a Labrador ourselves, we spent a long time getting specialist training with the dog to prepare for ds' arrival. So they have a fab relationship and are very respectful of each other. Ds knows to be gentle and they really adore each other. But this has nurtured a real interest in dogs. We don't want to encourage him to touch other dogs just in case, so when we spotted a dog in the park I tried to lead ds away towards the swings. Cue a meltdown like I have never seen before. He was screaming "doggy woof woof" and threw himself to the floor. I picked him up and cuddled him , but he was bucking in my arms and hitting me. He's a big boy (over 100th centile height and 91 for weight) and it was quite difficult for me to hold him. Even when we had walked out of sight of the dog he was still wailing and fighting, when I sat down on the floor to try to cuddle and calm, he was writhing out of my arms to go after the dog. I tried to play, give him a drink, a snack and toy to distract him but nothing worked. I tried to pop him in his buggy and briskly walk round but he didn't settle. After 40 minutes we left because I couldn't calm him. I put it down to tiredness but he didn't sleep in the car, or nap at home.ÊTantrum 2 was just as epic, I had to collect my new glasses at 2.15, he was great on the way, but when we got out of the car he didn't want to walk or go in the buggy so, I tried to carry him, but he's very heavy and I couldn't manage to hold him and push the buggy. So once again he started screaming and hitting. It was horrible and I felt so awful that I'd made him this miserable on two consectutive days. People were looking and I know I must look like the worst mum ever. And to a degree I feel it's true because I can't calm him.Can anyone please help? I really do my hardest to be calm and reassure him, but it's almost like that makes him worse. Maybe I irritate him? Any advice welcome.