I feel as I'm becoming a really controlling mummy with my 5 month old daughter.I have an issue with my in laws which I don't know where it comes from because they are lovely people, a bit too nice to be honest.They live 3 minutes from my husband and I whereas my parents live an hour away. I don't know why and this sounds horrible saying this but I worry that they will have a better relationship with my daughter than my own parents. My parents are wonderful too, less over bearing than my in laws and I make sure I see my mum atleast once a week.Last night, I was returning back to netball and I asked my husband to be home in time so I could leave. Unfortunately, there was an accident on the M6 so he arranged for his parents to come and look after our baby till he got home. This sounds really bad but I wasn't prepared for them looking after baby girl and I got really upset and moody with him on the phone. It wasn't his fault. I don't know why but I got upset the thought they were looking after baby girl. Anyway, I went off to netball then got home at 8.30 and baby girl was still up. She goes to bed at 7.30 and as soon as I came in I asked why baby wasn't in bed, and I know i didn't look too happy about it. Eventhough my husband was home then I don't understand why they would bring baby back downstairs - comfort her upstairs? Anyway, basically I was a really ungrateful so and so snd really I should have been thankful that they stepped in to help.It's caused done tension between my husband and I which he could do without to be honest.In all honesty whilst i'm questioning whether I'm becoming controlling I think I ultimately worry that my in laws want to take over. They have looked after their other grandchild from 3 months, 7-5, 5 days a week and I worry that they want to have that control with my baby?I don't know what's going on in my head but it's not healthy and I need to be more positive. Can anyone relate to having issues with their in laws?At the end of the day I should be delighted that my daughter has 2 sets of wonderful grandparents and not all children have that privilege.Am I being too controlling?