BBC TV - DIY SOS - The Big BuildDIY SOS: The Big Build - BBC TV is looking for an extraordinary story to cover (and help) which highlights issues faced by the elderly.DIY SOS The Big Build helps ordinary people whose lives have been dramatically changed by an unforeseen issue e.g. an accident leading to a disability, the onset of a life altering illness or a condition, the sudden death of a parent and so forth.  The show helps these people by radically transforming their homes, in the past we have put in downstairs wet rooms for people who can no longer get up to the bathroom. We have totally reworked entire houses so that they are wheel chair friendly. We have put up single and double story extensions to increase the living space for a family and have thus created healthy safe environments for young children and those with learning difficulties.  We have added internal lifts, wheelchair ramps, specialist bathrooms and bedrooms to people’s homes.DIY SOS: The Big Build is NOT a makeover show; we do whole house transformations that can at times involve structural changes and planning permission. In just 9 days the DIY SOS team manage to achieve what would normally take months. They do this by appealing to the local trades’ people who work for free with the DIY SOS team to complete the build. We have an online application process which ensures we help the most deserving families, however occasionally the show calls for some diversity. We are looking for an elderly story, a story where possibly an elderly couple are being cared for away from their home as the house is unfit to live in, a house that DIY SOS could renovate in order for the elderly couple to return home.  Another example would bean elderly grandparent needing an extension on the side of their son or daughters house so that they can help with the family that are also in need.   We are often the last port of call for desperate people struggling to cope with a radical change in their life bought on by no fault of their own.  That said we can only help people who are UK residents, who own their own home and do not have the funds to do the required work themselves. If you know of someone who needs our help please can you get them to contact me DIY SOS  with a brief outline of their situation.   DIY SOS: The Big Build is a very positive series which genuinely helps people and really makes a difference to their lives.  As well as bringing great benefits to the chosen families the series will raise public awareness of the conditions that affect them.