MatronsHaving been rather poorly for a while I have not opened this forum to find out what you have all been up to.To-day I read some letters that I felt I must respond to.  PLEASE  PLEAE  PLEASE stop suggesting that if we bring back matrons all the problems on our wards will dissipate -they will not.  Why ?   because matrons did not run the wards - they only visited them from time to time as a figurehead. Matrons along with senior  medical help - and perhaps a lay administrator (whom we NEVER saw on the wards ) ran the hospital .  It was the well trained - very experienced senior  nurse ie. the WARD SISTER who ran the wards.What is needed - desperately needed - is to have nurses in charge of our wards who know how to do so.  The Ward Sister was, in my days of nursing ,  responsible for everything that went on in her ward - everything.  She was an  efficient - caring - highly respected nurse with years of nursing experience behind her, She had usually to have been through several  grades of nursing before being appointed as a Senior Ward Sister.  Consequently the ward ran like clockwork.   To -day !!!!!!!!  Try asking to speak with  the ward sister -  it is a joke.   Try asking ANY nurse on the ward how your loved one is and odds on the reply 'will be 'just a minute - she is not my patient - I'll ask the nurse who is looking after her. '   I have even had a ward 'manager'  (that is what ward sisters call themselves these days) ask me to wait while she looked up my sisters condition !!!!!! I don't think she knew who I was asking about !!!NO  the answer is not to 'bring back the matron'  it is bring back THE PROPER - WELL INFORMED - EXPERIENCED - EFFICIENT  WARD SISTER who knew how to nurse AND manage the ward and her staff -  and the sooner we do this the better or we will all be terrified of being admitted to hospitalI have not had a proper look on the site and so have not noticed old familiar 'names'.  I hope you are all OK and wish you well. I think summer has arrived to-day for I can see the sun - yipee - and about time too.