Home workingAlthough I haven't posted on here since joining I thought I might start a new discussion on the above topic.. and see if  I can offer some advice about working from home and earning some money. I hope I'm not going to get my wrist slapped by the moderators!When I retired from work I found myself at a loose end after a  few months and found my bank balance dwindling quite quickly (it can get expensive going out for a meal with the better half every other day).I realised that if I wanted to maintain the life-style that I was accustomed to I should consider doing something to make a few bob every week.So, naturally (being a silver-surfer) I went on-line to look for something I could do from home and was surprised at the number of 'home-working- opportunities that are out there.What I wanted was something that I could do from home, so I dismissed the catalogue deliver businesses as I didn't really fancy tramping the streets and delivering catalogues to my friends or neighbours. call me 'snobbish' but I didn't want people to think that I'd been reduced to delivering catalogues door-to-door.I also wanted to avoid anything that I had to 'sell', so I also dismissed anything connected to providing 'utility bills' at a cheap rate.However, I quickly realised that there are a lot of scams out there, particularly the offers to 'stuff enevelopes', or do on-line surveys and set-up 'bingo' or 'gambling sites'.What I really wanted was to join an established company that provided a genuine service and that I felt comfortable with. And then by chance I came across a site that offered tax refunds to the public and who were looking for local agents After a few enquiries decided that was exactly what I was looking for.I've been with them for over a year now and am looking to build my own small team. I really want people who have an experience of life, are honest and are interested in the financial world. I can provide full training and can promise you a really interesting second career and a potentially lucrative second income.I can be contaacted through the forum or directly on 0800 298 9358 or via the website