A Farewell to SummerFor me as a seaside dweller this coming weekend is the Nadir, of the worse summer of the fourteen I've known here.After this, it's only 7 more rotten days until the squealing brats go back to their council pens, euphemistically referred to as schools. It' a bit longer I'm afraid, but thankfully soon it will be October the 27th when the clocks go back. The start of those wonderful cold, wet, windy and mercifully quiet dark days.No,Screaming brats , gnats, heat, humidity, stupid weather reporters bemoaning temperatures anything below 30 deg. Days that start at 3am and end at 10pm. Fat ugly retards displaying purulent reams of cooked skin, permeated by tattoo's. Farewell to bald, ear-ringed, morons with trousers ending at their calfs, calling their dumb partners 'babes'. No more chip cartons, drink canisters, used nappies and other C3 accoutrements, changing schedules with the tides. A farewell to 200 decibel motor bikes and the intimidating leather clad Nazis that perch upon them, with their vampiest pillions hanging like grotesque puerperal attachments. Like wise the ear splitting car stereo systems, competing with the beach bound ghetto blasters in a cacophony of madness. A relent from stifling humidity and the cost of desisting it. Mobile phone conversations shared with the masses. The beach rats decline as the provisioner's resort to their native McDonald's. The drunks and druggies return to Dageneham, Barking and Tilbury. Savage, bottle wielding, mobile packing girl gangs, take the cheap trains, back to their feral council estates. Others with 'kitted up Novas' bearing at least six chavs each, abandon the wrecked caravans they inhabited, between bouts of consciousness and return to sign on at the Job Centre. The Police resume patrols again, now its safe to venture out. The Town counts the cost of deracinated shrubs and plants, smashed benches and burnt out beach huts. The African drug dealer, packs up his beach roll in his newly empty carpet bag, sneering at the Community Officers who attempted to dent his scurrilous commerce. Best of all, I can walk my dog in the daytime without risking disposable syringes puncturing her paws Good riddance to another bloody summer. At 67, I can't take another one here!