Where is this money coming from?

   Just where is it coming from; how can this government give away even more money than they have already? Look at the track record so far, they gave Millions of pounds to the banks who then rubbed their hands in glee and immediately gave themselves huge bonuses. This giving away the tax payers money was a reaction to the economic black hole that the banks had brought upon us. So we are made to understand that we are in deep financial trouble and need to account for every penny spent. So we all sit back and accept what our betters are telling us. 
    Then we hear that our Prime Minister is giving millions away to third world countries to aid the fight against global warming. Does he not realise that we have been pouring money into black cauldron ever since these countries were given their independence, only to find that this aid vanishes like the steam from a boiling pan. Then before we know it all of those countries that said they are perfectly capable of running their own affairs are once again cap in hand for even more aid. And why is this the case? Because African governments instead of taking care of their own civilians prefer to buy guns, bombs and tanks to fight black on black wars. If we think this is not the case then we only have to look at the conflict that has taken place on that continent between 1995 and 2001. There has been war, tribal war  and revolution in Algeria, Angola, Libya, Niger, Chad, Sudan, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Central African Rep’, Nigeria, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Cote Divoire, Congo, Rwanda, Uganda, Somalia, Burundi, Angola and yet our Prime Minister is giving these people money for global warming and expects it to be used for this goal. Not in a thousand years, this money will be converted into weapons or more likely a Swiss bank account!
     Then we move on to that philanthropic organ of the state, and I have to admit my favourite – UKaid. This department of this frugal government has been charged with the disposal of seven point five BILLION pounds of the tax payers money, to be dispersed throughout the world to countries that they feel are worthy of the gift. So this government is willing to give 7.5 Billion to people of other countries when they give the pensioners of this country a £2 38 per week pay rise. So where is this money coming from when these people have stood up and told us we owe trillions and we are broke. This sounds like the economics of the lunatic asylum, “We are broke so we will give money away that we don’t have.” 
      Today we learn that this government is giving more money away. Instead of the initial amount that was given to the Haitian quake relief , this frugal Prime Minister is now donating twenty million pounds of tax payers money, that the tax payer cannot afford to this cause. Why? He has already told us all that we cannot afford to pay pensioners, we have thousands out of work, people have lost their homes, people have lost pensions, businesses have gone bankrupt and he is giving money away? Is he doing this to make himself look good in the eyes of the world while at the same time making it twice as hard for the people of this country to rid themselves of the debt that the banks have brought upon us?
      Is it only me that thinks there is something rotten in the state of Westminster?  


