NFU mutual insurance.Having watched for the umpteenth time the NFU advertisement on TV, you know the one where a middle class man with a big house has a burst pipe and a nice assessor arrives at his door within minutes offering him an immediate £500 gift to fund temporary alternative accommodation whilst his leak is fixed?  I have decided to bore you with my sisters tale at the hands of this very same company.My sister, as some of you may know, lives on the Isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides (now known as the Western Isles).  She has a croft and her husband is very poorly.  In rather dubious health herself, unable to walk without a stick, she doesn't need many more problems.  Some years ago she bought a small cottage nearby enabling her younger son, his wife and family to have a roof over their heads.  It is because of the advertisements that my sister chose to insure the cottage with NFU.The wind gets pretty bad up there, but about 6 weeks ago there was a particularly violent storm which took off part of the roof.  Subsequent water damage, in spite of a tarpaulin, has bought down the bathroom ceiling.  Although she notified NFU immediately, no help has been forthcoming, no money for temporary repairs, indeed not even any contact until my sister actually went into Stornaway and demanded some attention. Far from a friendly claims assessor they demanded that she get quotes for the repairs herself and submitted them.  Builders willing to give quotes are like hens teeth up there and the acquisition of quotations took a further 2 weeks. Now they say a claims assessor must come to measure up the damage sometime in the future, date unknown.  This in spite of continuing storms and further damage from water coming in under the tarpaulin.The moral of this story is don't believe the NFU adverts.Mike Warm Home discountHello all - I am a newbie here - My name is Mike - I am originally an exRAF Aero Engine Fitter and sincemy service, now retired Mechanical development engineer.  Being highly qualified I am not deaf, dumb blind or stipid as most *authorities* I encounter whose young and arrogant staff think we are when we are over 60 and especially the Big Six Energy Cartel Of Crooks     I have a serious question to ask - Can anyone tell me WHO was the moron in Sham Morons Gang of Privileged Public school/Etonian/Oxbridge Career Politician [censored], who are totally out of touch with real workers but were freely educated on US, who have excluded us from claiming the Warm Home discount, if we are claiming Council Tax Discount (Not benefit there's a difference) from the Energy Cartel schemes.   There is also Media propaganda chucked at us stating that if anyone pays over 10% of our Income for energy we can claim if we provide proof.  I pay 18% and cannot get it From AgeUK E on, despite the fact that I said I can prove my total income from pensions is less than 12,000 PA and I have less than £1000 in savings.  - The Criteria for Income supplements, Beneftis etc is 10,000 and is the same for council Taxbenefits - so whey did they wage war against us. One thing I know having had tussles with MP's when I was a TU rep is that Sham's Tory morons like all Tory politicians don't like us stirring the cacky about anything, and most Right wingers are neo-fascist and immediately tar us with the old Commie brush and they cannot handle it when they get the pi$$ taken out of them.   Cheers - Grumpy    

PetitionsSome time ago I wrote about the excessive number of petitions raised by web sites like 38 degrees and that I intended to unsubscribe from them.  I did just that, but still some (including 38 degrees) continue to drop into my mail box.Today's petition reads:"David Cameron, Please save our National Parks. Stop cutting their funding and make sure National Park Authorities have enough money to protect our most iconic landscapes for future generations."Yes, I that's something I would deem important, I said to myself (I seem to talk to myself a lot lately). Things like National Parks, museums  and libraries are iconic parts of our national life and should be preserved. Places like the USA have wonderful national parks, superb museums and fabulous libraries, so why can't we?Then I thought, but the USA have crap health services for the poor, am I prepared to take the money off the NHS?  In fact under the present circumstances, what am I prepared to take money from (except international aid)?  So no, I will not be signing the petition.Mike 



Bed blockingWhen I got up this morning and turned on my 'phone there was a text message from our son to the effect that his wife had been taken into hospital yesterday afternoon and with abdominal pains and had a suspected appendicitis.  Rather than let her home (30+miles) they decided to keep her in until they had taken a CAT scan which would have to wait until today as the scanners were closed overnight.  Today, it took until mid afternoon before they could carry out the scan and much of the pain had subsided so she thought she might be allowed home as soon as the doctor had seen the results.  As of 6 o'clock this evening they had been unable to find a single doctor to make a diagnosis and our daughter-in-law has been told that it is now too late and that she will have to remain with them for another night.  Our son, who has been there since yesterday, has just rang to say that it s unlikely that there will be a doctor available to review the scan until Monday.   And they say that there is a problem with bed-blocking!Mike 

Public QuestionsI caught the last 20 minutes of Newsnight last night and the interview with Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe, Met Police Commissioner and arguably the nations most important policeman.  He was saying that in spite of the cuts to police funds, the Met had managed to maintain police numbers.  His argument was that to maintain the performance the public expected of his officers fewer resources would have to be employed solving old crimes as they soaked up disproportionate amounts of police time. The thing that did make me think though was that he was suggesting that other public agencies would have to stop looking upon police as the first port of call in some circumstances.  I think the thrust of his argument was that too often police resources were called upon when with a little thought problems could be solved by the people themselves rather than ask for police assistance as a knee jerk reaction.  Interesting.When Newsnight was finished, still wide awake, I turned on to BBC 1 and caught the last question in Question Time.  I have given up on this programme because of its nonentity panels and rentamob audience.  I have to say that I was quite impressed.  Not by the panel, still the usual carbon copies that have little new to say, but for at least the question I heard, the audience.  The question was regarding whether the police had any need to apologise to the family of the 15 year old girls who joined ISIS recently, but the audience widened the debate well beyond that narrow scope and for the first time in ages rewarded my faith in the common sense and practicality of the Great British Public.  Coming in late as I did, I don't know where the session was held, but the public, young and old were not partisan and made some excellent points.  Some who were Muslims were insistent that they were British through and through and blamed the parents for ignoring the signs.  There was too much detail to recount too much here, but I have to say that the bit of the programme I saw spent little time bothering with the celeb's and gave the public a platform.  They in turn rose to the occasion.  Perhaps we should instead reverse the format and put members of the public on the panel?Mike 



World cupFirst I must confess to disliking soccer.  I simply view it as overblown, overpaid boys with a flash in the pan talent charging around a rectangle of grass for the entertainment of the terminally bored.  Then, yesterday, I read that because the World Cup 2022 is being held in Qatar, a strict Muslim country,  Israel cannot compete because Israelis are forbidden from entry to that country.How then, if one nation is banned from entry can the event be entitled "World Cup"?  The means by which Qatar secured the competition was highly dubious in the first place and I don't believe for one second the verdict that the process was squeaky clean.Surely if a nation want's to host a world sporting event the competition must be open to all nations.  It is no good saying that Israel would not have won anyway because their inclusion in the knock-out rounds may have had an important impact on some teams' progress through the competition.I suppose it is too much to expect that Britain will refuse to compete in sympathy with the Israeli exclusion?Mike 
House of LordsI understand that the House of Lords has a majority of Labour appointees and left leaning members who are planning to disrupt, delay and if possible cancel legislation by the new Conservative government.  They do not take the view that the people have spoken and will do their best to oppose any new legislation.  Is it not time that this unelected bunch of loosers was summarily abandoned.  I don't know what it will take, but it was not difficult for the Blair creature to change it to it's present form, so why not now go the whole hog and get rid of it altogether?The space could be used for an English parliament which the Westminster establishment wants to avoid at all costs.Mike PanoramaDid anyone watch Panorama last night?  What a change from the rabid left leaning question time.  Unfortunately the format of the programme is only 30 minutes, so there was little time to develop the concept of the relationship between the Tories and the SNP, but I felt that Dan Snow had it dead right (except for his desire for PR), the SNP is insignificant and were it not for the obvious desire for David Cameron (represented by hang-dog John Redwood) to maintain the Union, they would be put out with tomorrows trash.  Even Billy Brag was being realistic.  The only person being unrealistic was the glamorous new SNP MP, clearly featured for her looks rather than perspicacity who could not look reality in the eye (sorry I have forgotten her eminently forgettable name).DC must learn the old addage "give them an inch and they will take a mile".  The SNP, in spite of not persuading the Scots that independence is a desirable outcome will twist the Tory tail and get far more than they deserve.  It should be made quite clear who is in charge and face down challenges to a unified Britain.  It would be better to divide the nation than to bow down to the tiny proportion of Brits represented by the SNP.Mike 