Case studies for new retirement report - we might pay you to go on telly!I am looking for people who might take part in media interviews as a case study in a new report into retirement trends. We are hoping to find someone who might take part in our campaign, and talk about experiences which would match with the findings of the report. Anyone who does take part in an interview will receive £100 in vouchers as payment. We will need any successful candidates to come to London, so hopefully they live close by. We are looking for someone who is retired and supporting their family or loved ones financially, potentially at the cost of not leaving a traditional inheritance.We are also looking for someone who has found themselves in semi-retirement or retirement after being unable to find any fulltime opportunities to keep working.As I say, any participants will receive payment for their time – and they could end up on the telly! Please let me know if you think you, or someone you know might fit the bill - 020 3772 2697Best, RichThe Value of MoneyHi folks  I imagine we're all pretty much within the same age range on here, but what was it that introduced you to understanding the value of money?  Kids today, from what I understand, have absolutely no knowledge of it.I don't know why, but much earlier on I was remembering my teenage years, just after I started working at 15.  My first wage was £3 2/- 6d and every penny went to my mum. Being a young teenager in the early 60s I was obviously into the fashion of the day.  Mum gave me 5/- out of my wages as pocket money for make-up etc, but what suddenly flushed into my mind earlier was when I was in Wigan Market Hall and I saw the most beautiful white three-quarter length wool coat.  It was gorgeous, and I told my mum about it.  She asked how much it was and I told her it was £4 so she said she'd go halves with me at 5/- a week each until it could be paid for.  I couldn't wait for excitment but, once the money had been accumulated after eight weeks, she came with me and she loved the coat too, so I got that coat, which we paid for in half crowns!   I had to earn the clothes on my back after I started working, but luckily for me, my mum loved seeing me dressed nicely, so always went halves with me, and even treated me, although we weren't a rich family by any stretch of the imagination.  I was the only girl, and my mum wanted me to have lovely clothes which she didn't have as a young woman in the 30s and 40s.This taught me the value of money in that you have to earn what you get, and I've lived by that principle all my life, and never to go into debt for anything.  The only two things that I have had to rely to on debt is by buying my house and my car, but I've never had anything else on tick.  It was indeed a very valuable lesson I learned from an early age.   