pension yearshello this is the first time use this site so please except my my apologies fit any ignorance in facts.my situation I'm sure is not unieke ,next April 26 i hope to reach the age of 65. recently i enquired in the UK for a state pension forcast. i am residing in the netherlands and have been so since 1975, where i worked until recently retiring.ii was born in the UK and at the age of 15 left school and immediately was employed and 1n 1971 joined the royal air force. at the end of 1975 i left the service and settled here in the netherlands.on receiving my state pension i was shocked by the fact that i would receive nothing  from the UK state pension as i had only 9 years active in the scheme ,. apparently they only count from the age of 16 .to put in ult to it all i will receive no forces pension due to the date of my discharge.to be more clear i will be missing out on about 33% on what i should receive if the situation was different.i will qualify for part of a dutch state pension but for the years when in the UK obviously notsorry for the spelling ! any advise ?. PhillDementia Care HomesHello I hope it's ok to post this here. Hardcash Productions is making a documentary for Channel 4 which will look at dementia care in dementia care homes. Last year Hardcash made a film with Fiona Phillips called Mum, Dad, Alzheimer's and Me, which looked at her experiences of caring for her parents as they were diagnosed with the illness, and examined the levels of support available nationally for people in a similar position.  This new documentary looks at care for those with dementia in the later stages of the illness. We are very keen to hear from people about their experiences of dementia care homes: How easy is it to find a suitable care home? And what are standards of care like in homes which specialise in dementia? We are also looking at the use of anti-psychotic drugs for people with dementia and would be very interested to hear from people who have encountered this. If you know of anyone who would be prepared to have a conversation with us about their experiences then please do get in touch. This would be on an off record background basis at this stage, to help inform our research. You can direct message us through this site, call Kate or Libby on 020 7253 2782 or email libby at hardcashproductions dot com Thank you for your time. 