What to do?!Sorry to bend your ears about this problem I have but I really need to know what I should do under the circumstances... a bit of a long story so please bare with me...Back in November 2013 my doctor asked me to go in to see him where he proceeded to ask me what did I think was causing me to be very anaemic? I said could it be that I had been on a very low calorie diet for quite a few months but he then announced in no uncertain terms that I had cancer and what did I think about that? Needless to say I was quite stunned but he went on to say that I should have another blood test done the following week and then to take it from there.Blood test done and I returned only to be immediately told that I had kidney failure and I was two steps away from needing dialysis. It was then suggested that I take my blood pressure twice a day for the next week and come back.I was then quite ill with the flu and following that went on a cruise over the Christmas period and then had a period in hospital after collapsing and eventually having a pacemaker fitted with the assurance that I had not had a cardiac arrest but due to arrhythmia.Next visit to my doctor was at the end of February to discuss my high blood pressure but not a mention of the cancer or kidney problems which I then reminded him about and which he was very certain that I had misheard him as he would never say anything like that! Having insisted that he certainly had and at which he sort of apologised if he had..  Phone call from doctor February 13th as he's still concerned about the anaemia so investigations to be done as he is certain that I have a stomach bleed... colonoscopy and then gastroscopy done and another phone call from doctor May 20th to tell me that my cholesterol is very high and I need to take statins. I had to ask him what the results from the investigations were which he very briefly stated they were okay and brushed that subject off... The cholesterol level he said was at 7 and as I refuse to take statins he added that I really should after having had a cardiac arrest at the beginning of the year to which I replied that I had been assured that it was not.I decided to ask for copies of my heart scan and the hospital report where it showed my cholesterol level was 4.7 and the report mentions scarring from an OLD myocardial infarction! (which was back in 2004)Now just recently there has been a Patient Care program set up and he had to phone me for some further information where after answering his questions I added that I wanted to make sure that it was on record that I am NOT taking statins and I am NOT taking aspirin and that I had given the wrong key safe code which I then corrected. I received the Patent Care plan papers and note that none of the things I had told him have been recorded and the key safe number says "Non given" !!!I am really at the end of my tether and am determined to do something about this although I must admit I am loathe to put in an actual written complaint. I am thinking about making an appointment to see the practice manager and discuss it with him first.What say you? I would like to have your opinions please.