Fed up and angryHi I am new to this forum and wanted to release some pent up feelings I have with regard to my position in life.I am 69 years still working. Why, because I am frightened to loose my income just to keep up with the increases costs of living we all face.If it was a level playing field I suppose I would not mind so much.But I am not getting my fare share of the Nations money. I have worked all my life, paid religiously all my dues.I will have to use my meagre savings just to try to keep a modest standard of living.The Nation can afford to, pay for immigrant accommodation, pay for all their living expenses. pay for children that do not even live in this countryPay for we all know a lot of people who are parasites and live off the back of others with false claims of reasons they cannot work.The list goes on too many for me to list hereWhat about me!!It is me that is suffering,a pensioner who has been moderate all his life, lived a straight line,  where has it got me.?Can you ever remember any requests by a group of pensioners being listened to.Why ? we are a disjointed group with no weight of opinion and yet united we would be bigger than any current Union.With all our experiences of time we have seen that the politicians opinions are those where they can get the biggest vote.They are in the main a self interest group with inside information on where to invest, and take full advantage of allowable expenses no matter how diverse they are.The answer to get the politicians to listen to our requests for a fair share is to unite.Is there a pensioners union? If not why not, is there a leader out there somewhere sat at home bored out of his tree.I am sure If some one stood up there would be lots of help.Let us unite and redeem ourselves and be listened to with the aid of modern communications spread the word.Thats just a little of what I feel, like many others.I am now wondering if the moderators of this forum are thinking that this is too radical a posting and will not publish, but if it was then I am sure there will be lots of response