Merry Christmas Everyone A very Merry Christmas to everyone on the forum.I hope you all enjoy this wonderful time of the year, I absolutely love Christmas day with all the family, especially this year with another three additions to the family. My second granddaughter Lily 10 months, my first grandson Caiden 4 months and last but not least Charlie our wee new Westie dog who is 9 months old.I also had my first post RT review today, PSA <0.2 virtually undetectable which is excellent, everything is fine no side effects at all from treatment, Oncologist is very pleased with how everything has went and does to want to see me again for six months. I am really looking forward to the new year and putting this all behind me.Good luck and best wishes to ALL who are fighting or affected  by cancer.Regards,GerryPost RT PSA result good news.   15 December 2014 21:14:16 Hi folks,I was at the doctors today to get an antibiotic for a throat infection.While I was there I asked her about a PSA test done on 11/12/2014 in preparation for my RT follow up review on Christmas Eve.This was my first  PSA test since completion of my RT at the end of September 2014 and she said the PSA result was < 0.2 and an excellent result and considered virtually undetectable, I am well chuffed.I now know there will be no nasty surprises on Christmas Eve and I can really enjoy the holidays.All in I have been really fortunate that the RT has worked so well and I had no side effects at all from the treatment.I am also on HT (Zoladex LA) and again have handled it really well, I had some hot flushes for the first six months but since then I have been free of any side effects, long may it continue.I hope people following on behind me and considering RT and HT, can see from my example that it is not always as bad as some cases you read about on here. A lot of people will post if things go wrong, but if everything goes well they may not come back on and you might not hear as many positive stories as you should about treatment results. Every bit of good news is a ray of light to people who have this horrid disease it gives them encouragement and hope and should ALWAYS be   in my opinion.Good luck and best wishes to ALL who are fighting or affected by cancer.Regards,GerryRT Completed whoopieee!!!!! Hi Folks,Well that's it, 37 sessions of Radiotherapy completed today 23/09/14 whoopieeeeeee!!!.Treatment all the way through has been excellent with no side effects, only a slight reduction in urine flow for a couple of days due to inflammation from the RT, but that has now cleared and urine flow has returned to normal.It has been 7 1/2 weeks of treatment every day Monday to Friday but it's amazing how quickly the time passes. I have felt a little tired over the last week but nothing I can't manage.I am now free to plan my days as I wish and I am feeling brilliant.Thanks to ALL the staff involved in my treatment at the Beatson Cancer Centre in Glasgow, you were ALL brilliant.I will have a follow up appointment in about eight weeks time to review the success of the treatment, by checking my PSA level. I am told if everything is OK I will go on to six monthly PSA check ups, my Hormone Treatment will continue for another 1 1/2 to 2 years due to my initial high PSA of 59 in November 2013.Regards,GerryGood luck and best wishes to ALL who are fighting or affected by cancer.