Anyone had DELINEATE RT Hi allI am continuing with the hormone treatment (Prostap 3 DCS 11.25 mg) prior to any RT that may be starting around June.After being seen by the team looking after me, I have been offered the opportunity to have DELINEATE RT treatment.This is part of a trial that involves extra MRI and CT scan in order to place 3 gold seeds into the prostate.The procedure is apparently similar to that carried out for the prostate biopsy.The intention is to be able to target the cancer within the prostate more accurately via the gold seeds on scans using IMRT AND IGRT, a higher amount of radiation is aimed at the tumour and less to other areas surrounding it. Also the treatment is daily over a four week period as opposed to Seven weeks on the normal treatment.I would appreciate any replies relating to this type of treatment especially from anyone who has taken part in this trial. Best regards to allJohnJohn 26John 26Still unsure which treatment I should choose    Hi allI have just been diagnosed with PC and given a choice of treatment to consider (initially I was told that I would be given hormone therapy for about 3 months and then start on RT). However at my first consultation post diagnosis after all my tests had been evaluated by the team, I have been informed that I am also suitable for surgery.I have had a consultation with the Oncology doctor and the urology surgeon who both stated that there was no right or wrong decision as both are effective. So it is entirely up to me to make a decision. I have read all the literature given to me and raked my brains to come up with a decision (but confusion reigns).The surgery I have been offered is Robotic Da Vinci surgery.My numbers are: last PSA 8.4MRI showed possible left peripheral zone cancer PIRAD score 4.TRUS guided biopsies showing adenocarcinoma of the prostate.Gleason 4+3 in 6 out of 10 cores with core involvement of 5 - 100% max core length 14mm.Staged at T3a - N0Bone scan clear.I would appreciate any advice in order to assist my decision.Thank youJohnJohn 26