Radical Radiotherapy, my journey continues. Continued from "My Radical Radiotherapy starts today!"Day Ten (Monday):Had a 1.15pm appointment today, the waiting room was rather sombre, quite crowded but no one was really talking. In general, it has been better at appointments at earlier, quieter times of the day, I think people are reluctant to discuss their details when there's more people around. The earlier times also tends to be favoured by men too which also means is easier to talk.I'm afraid I was ideally suited to the atmosphere in the waiting room today, I've been in a pretty low mood this weekend and was happy not to have to talk.My session seemed to go smoothly, this time on a different machine, LA5. Apart from one occasion, up until now, all my treatments have been on LA4 so it's a little different, dealing with a different team.My restricted pee flow has improved since I was given Tamsulosin tablets last Wednesday but not quite as much I'd hoped it would and it does seem to be getting worst again. Have to mention that at my review session tomorrow (Tuesday). My bowels, which started to loosen up a bit last Thursday (went six times during the course of the day) changed again as soon as I went on a low fibre diet. It fact over the weekend it went slightly the other way and I was finding it difficult to go so I'm trying to have a mixture of low fibre/high fibre to find the right balance.Oh well, onward to Day Eleven tomorrow, only nine sessions to go. Hope my low mood improves otherwise I'll have to take the "happy pills" my GP prescribed just before the RT started. I've been reluctant to start those unless I really have to, especially with my GP saying I could feel sick during the first week of taking them, have had enough problems trying to sort out my bladder and bowel problems.StevePSA Concerns Hi,I almost feel guilty to ask for help again but there's been something that I have been wondering about for a while now.It relates to PSA figures during and after treatment.  I generally take great interest in the figures that people post after they've had their blood tests.  Everyone who keeps us up to date with their progress through their treatment helps the rest of us following on. Good results are always worth celebrating and give all of us hope for the future.I've noticed since joining this community, that some people on a similar treatment plan to mine (Hormone Treatment and Radiotherapy) seem to have very low PSA figures after their course of treatment even when they've had a high figure at the time of their diagnosis.  These can be as low as 0.02 or similar.  Following Radiotherapy I asked my oncologist what PSA figure she thought I might end up with after my two further years of Hormone Therapy.  She said I should expect it to be around 2 to 2.5 and she said she would be happy with that.  When I questioned that, she said that you would never get down to the lower figures unless the prostate had been removed.  I think the results   on this site prove that this is not always the case.  I know that no two people are alike in the way their bodies react to this disease but you can probably understand why I would wonder about it.My own PSA figures since diagnosis have been as follows:More info about my diagnosis is on my profile (click on NikonSteve or picture to access this).  I'd be really grateful if you could spare a moment to let me know what you think about this and if there's anyway you could give an indication how your PSA figures have gone throughout your own treatment.  I think this would be educational for all of us to read.Thanks for all your help.Steve





