Ever Decreasing Circles part three    I have decided to move my thread from the newly named 'End of Life Issues' into this conversation. I was happy being in a thread called 'Dying from Prostate cancer' as it had the merit of being clear and descriptive of my situation but as my personal progress is at the moment surviving with first line hormone treatment I was more uncomfortable in 'end of life issues' so I have decided to start this thread in a new place. For those interested in my previous thread it can be found athttp://community.prostat...asing-Circles#post118200 or my original thread is in the archives and could be accessed athttp://community.prostat...easing-circles#post9555.TO REVIEW MY JOURNEY SO FAR:So at the cusp of the new year I find myself awaiting my latest PSA results on 2nd January wondering whether this will be the year I start that reluctant journey towards second and third line treatments. I was diagnosed nearly three years ago with bone met spread but I have so far managed to continue successfully on hormone treatment, prostap to be precise. I have had a continual problem with urinary tract infections and partial urine retention (I self catherise three times a day at least) but at the moment I am enjoying a period free of UTIs as at my last appointment in October the consultant started me on a prophylactic dose of anti biotics which has kept infections away since. Whilst I have been travelling abroad for work in the last eight weeks I have felt energised and well. I am sure the relief from UTIs has made a difference! Whether it makes a difference to my PSA I shall find out this Friday!Three years on HT has been good to me though side effects have mounted. I am lucky not to have suffered hot flushes but I suffer more and more from fatique though am still working as long as I manage periods of tiredness. My work colleagues have been great at recognising this and being supportive. Of course I have the obvious side effect of no libido and no sexual functioning but the two combined means it gives me a sense of calm which actually makes life easier to deal with. So for those new to my journey this brings you up to date with the illness and my progress. But the real benefit for me of the past three years and despite the realities of all this I do believe it is a benefit, is the sense of life and living I have experienced. I spent a lot of time early on talking, reflecting and thinking about death and dying. This has helped me come to terms with that and my past threads document some of my reflections. I did not expect still to be here yet somehow I am, still reasonably well, still working, still enjoying life and still looking for new experiences and new memories. This year may see me progress down the treatment hierarchy towards chemo and beyond but I do so, learning from everyone here and from the courageous journeys of such wonderful characters as Mick and Barry (TopGun) and before them Ben (Nimenton) and the many others, too many to name but never forgotten, who have succumbed in the last three years. As I said at the outset I have no illusions that I am not dying from Prostate Cancer but am not at 'end of life' but rather seeking to enjoy my life in whatever time remains - it is quality of life rather than quantity which drives me.I wish everyone a happy new year wherever you are in the course of treatment or in support of those suffering from PCa. There will be good times and bad times this year but with the support of this wonderful forum we can cope with this together! happy New Year.