Latest PSA ??? HiI have just checked the results online of my PSA test taken yesterday and they have quadrupled from 0.05 to 0.2 in three months, giving a doubling time of 1.5 months. I came off Casodex 150 mg 3 months ago after being on it for 6 months, so I don't know how to interpret these results. it is 6 months since I finished RT, so I suppose my question is how long does the Casodex stay in the Body (half life) and is it still having an effect on the PSA level, or is the level of 0.2 the actual reading, with no suppression from the Casodex, and if it is 0.2 without Casodex should I still be concerned after 6 months since the end of RT?I will see my Oncologist on Thursday, so need to be clear of my options as regards either resuming HT, or waiting 3 more months to see if there is a trend either way. Any advice would be appreciated so I am clear in the decisions. do I hold my nerve and follow my instincts and stay off Casodex for three more months to see what effect it has, or do I resume treatment now???.thanksroyHas RT Failed   06 January 2015 11:14:25 Hi I have just checked my latest results online and the PSA has risen yet again to 0.63. I finished Salvage RT 6 months ago with a score of 0.05, 3 months later it was 0.2 and now 3 months after that it is now 0.63, giving me a doubling time of 1.8 months so do I take it that RT has failed me. I find it hard to interpret the figures due to the hormones I took (Casodex 150) for six months prior to and including RT and what effects it has had on the numbers, I assume the Casodex would have been out of my system at the 3 months check, if so then the figures now are a true reflection on what is going on, and I am destined to just trying to control rather than cure. I know that RT can keep working for approx 2 years but to me the outlook seems gloomy and I dread going back on the hormones, but I will if it keeps me alive. I will be seeing my Oncologist on Thursday and need to have my questions/game plan in place, so if anyone can let me have their thoughts it would be welcome, as at the moment I can't seem to get my head around it all and am finding it hard to process. I have always had a plan of action uptil now but now I am in uncharted waters and feeling out of my depth so any info good or bad may get my thought processes back on trackThank youRoyThe latest plot twist in the treatment of prostate cancer This may be of interest to some.Plot TwistThe team, led by Professor Samuel Denmeade from Johns Hopkins University in the US, enrolled 16 patients with castration-resistant prostate cancer onto their study. They found that in some patients, drug-resistance could be reversed by first boosting levels of testosterone to far beyond what’s normally seen in the body, before dropping testosterone levels again. For some men it was like hitting a reset button and they responded to castration drug therapy again.The men received treatments that switched their testosterone levels from high to low over a four week period – something the researchers dub ‘bipolar androgen therapy’. And this treatment cycle was repeated three times.Of the 16 patients enrolled in the study, 14 men completed these three cycles and were monitored further. The team analysed levels of the blood marker PSA, which can be used as an indicator of how the disease is progressing (although there are some well documented challenges that come with using this marker).The new treatment approach produced a notable decrease in PSA levels in half of the patients (seven out of 14), suggesting that the tumour cells may be responding to the treatment. Ten of the men also had secondary tumours that could be picked up by CT scan, and half of these patients saw those tumours shrink following the bipolar therapy.Interestingly, 10 out of 10 patients who were suitable for follow up after they completed bipolar therapy saw their PSA levels fall again when the hormone therapy that they used to be resistant to was reintroduced. And the researchers believe that this re-sensitisation to treatment could be a promising avenue for further research.But this new approach goes against pretty much everything we generally know about prostate cancer.Prostate cancer cells thrive on testosterone. So on paper it doesn’t really make sense to load up the body with more of what fuels tumour growth. That would be like throwing a grenade at a house that’s on fire. Surely it can only make things worse?But this new study complements recent research showing that tumour cells that are used to low levels f testosterone can be killed by a surprise high dose of the hormone. Researchers believe this may be down to the unexpected increase in the hormone stopping the cancer cells’ ability to copy their DNA. And it may also trigger catastrophic breaks in cells’ DNA, causing them to die.But further, larger scale studies will be required to confirm this.“This is major new hope,” says Professor Charlotte Bevan, a UK based prostate cancer expert from Imperial College London. The men can start re-taking their hormone therapy, that they were previously resistant too, which, according to Professor Bevan is “the best case scenario”.“However, no one is saying this isn’t a risky strategy,” she adds.http://scienceblog.cance...ment-of-prostate-cancer/Roy