New and diagnosed Hi everyone,I have been following this website for a few months now and would first like to say reading through the site and the forum has given me a great deal of information.I had a biopsy in January and ONE sample out of the eight taken came back possative.At 55 years old with a five year old daughter this came as a bit of a shock to both me and my wife because to be honest it "only happens to others"..well I am now one of the others.This morning I went to see the urologist to discuss treatment and with a PSA of 7 and a Gleason score of 3+3 I (we) have opted for the Active Surveillence.We came to the conclusion that if I have to have treatment we would leave it as late as possible and if say this is in five six or even ten years then why suffer the possible side effects  that would /could change our quality of life when I am still feeling fit and healthy.Its a bit strange because the urologist used to serve behind my local bar when he was in training and this seem's to have made discussions a lot easier and relaxed which has been a massive help.The wife was devestated at first but Men United and all the information on here has made her more relaxed and along with the relationship with the urologist she is now coming to terms.One question.....has anyone else or is anyone else opted for/ on Active Surveillence ?I have been told I will need PSA test's every three months and MRI scan every 12 months (my first MRI is scheduled for september..again my choice so if the results are not good I will have at least had my holiday's :-) )I was on a course of 90 tablets...Silodyx 8mg..but stopped taking them due to reverse ejaculation and to be honest I feel no different apart from now the wife is happy again :-)So guys if my MRI scan comes back good what goes on ??At the moment I am still doing my normal work in  the construction game and the only symptoms I have are a weak bladder.I live in the Netherlands and from the start the urologist insisted removal of the prostate was not an option and today I also asked about my second option of  HDR Brachytherapy.He agreed this was another choice but no hospital's in the Netherlands carry out this treatment and it would mean going to Germany.I feel confident that I can face up to anything that this will throw at me but advice and information would be great guys.