Towards further treatment As detailed in my profile, following diagnosis in 2007, I had RT in 2008 but since 2010 my PSA has increased gradually at each PSA test.  My consultant at the Marsden felt that with the lowish PSA figures it was possible that some cancer was still within the prostate and authorised an endorectal coil MRI scan, the result of which was given to me over the telephone in a conversation by one of his assistants today.  It would seem that another tumour of 8mm  is growing in the left base of my Prostate.  This was not shown on the MRI scan in 2007 and  is post RT.  It is believed that this may well account for my slowly rising PSA. Incidentally, I was told that following my HT/RT that my prostate is now smaller than it was when scanned in 2007.I asked what my options were other than Prostatectomy (as at 78 I would prefer another option).  As I rather anticipated, I was told that I could be monitored for a time and then as PSA rose further be put back on HT, possibly intermittently. However, the possibility of HIFU was raised and as a proactive treatment believer, I said I wished to be considered for this and it was agreed I would be referred to the UK Professor whose name we know as the acknowledged expert but cannot say, to see if I am suitable.  I did ask about further RT of one sort or another and was told this was not a possibility (even for cyberknife, which I was told was generally given for cancer out of the capsule which I found surprising).  So it's a wait and see situation as I am aware there is a long wait unless one goes private.  My view is if this tumour may be  the problem, let's try to nail it and hopefully avoid or defer HT.For anybody who may at some time have an endorectal coil MRI scan which helps provide a better picture, the procedure was no food for 4 hours prior to the scan which takes about 40 mins.  An injection was given in my arm to help relax muscles and having put some lubricant jelly in the rectum , this was followed by the probe which has a balloon attached to it which is inflated.  I was told that this would feel like I needed to pass a stool and  this was very much the case but I managed to avoid squeezing, fortunately. I found it not really painful if rather undignified!  At some point I believe contrast was injected into my arm. The scan was done on the more powerful 3 Tesla scanner for enhanced imaging. Barry


One step nearer Salvage Treatment As some may recall, I was referred by the Marsden to check whether I was a suitable candidate for HIFU.  The consultation was last week at University College London Hospital (UCLH) or (UCL) as it is sometimes abbreviated. I was told that I met the criteria  for the 'FORECAST' Study ( FOcal RECurrent Assessment and Salvage Treatment), provided they were satisfied that the cancer was localised.  To check this I have to have yet another MRI scan, a PET Choline scan and a bone scan. If these tests are OK, I will have either HIFU or Cryotherapy depending on precisely where the new cancer is located and be one of the 177 men  to be recruited  on this 'multi-centre trial evaluating a novel imaging based complex diagnostic and therapeutic pathway intervention for men who fail radiotherapy for prostate cancer.'I asked why I needed another MRI scan as I had only recently had an endorectal coil MRI scan at the Marsden. I was told UCL did not do these and preferred their own MRI scans which were 'the best in Europe'. I asked why this this was so when some other hospitals like the Marsden had 3 Tesla machines and competent radiologists. I was told that the difference 'was in the sequencing'. Hype or fact I don't know but good to have confidence in what you provide!The Choline PET scan and MRI have been booked for two dates in March - lucky in this respect as apparently they only do 2 Choline scans a week, the product needing  to be used immediately after being made as it degrades very quickly.I asked about the timescale from consultation to treatment and was told approx 16 weeks. Fingers crossed, scan results mean I will be accepted into the study. Barry



Bazza 3 monthly update 5th March 2015 - attended the dreaded 3 monthly blood results. An insignificant rise according to the ONCO to 0.43. Over the three months, that's equates to a 0.02 rise per month. Even if it kept rising at 0.02 a month (which they said it might not as it can bounce around whilst finding a level) I'd be happy with that. Introduced 10mg of Tamoxifen to try and reduce the level of Gynocomastia but so far, bone aching and general tiredness seem to be the only quality of life spoilers. I truly do realise that many others on here are in far worse places but for each individual, every individuals' place is that person's worst for them.God bless you all.Bazza (Barry)I am Spartacus - with the strength of iron, a will of steel and the fight to give this disease a real run for its money.



The Road of Certain Uncertainty The Road of Certain Uncertainty When I was a boy, I thought I would live forever. As a man in my 20s, I was told by a fortune teller that I would live till I was 104. In my 30s I didn't give a 4X because life was good. In my early 40s, I revised the lifespan figure a little more in line with my expanding waistline and general unfitness to a respectable 80. When I was 47, my aspirations were curtailed somewhat when I was diagnosed completely out the blue with prostate cancer. Cancer was not in my family. My father was 80 and in rude health and my nan lived until she was 100. By the time I had reached 50 and my cancer had recurred, I grasped at straws by looking to achieve a bus pass and by last year's birthday, my 52nd, had to revise it yet again to an ambitious 60 as the hormone therapy failed to halt a rising PSA.Many of you will have read the very excellent Rocky Road analogy a while ago before our friend Spurspark passed on to that great patient's waiting room in the sky. In the early days, his words and advice, although not related to my then situation, were of great comfort. Well, I'm on my own path now. One of my own very certain demise but with an uncertain and unpredictable dateline so it is my turn to offer my own analogy of what it is like to reach this stage in the hope that it gives peace, some clarity and succour to others. My oncologist is too afraid or too canny to tell me exactly what my prognosis is but as a hormone resistant patient (I hate the word fighter despite the indisputable fact that we all fight this b*****d disease), I have limited options and have, despite always believing I could overcome my cancer, now reluctantly accepted my fate. In the early days following my initial diagnosis, I was in denial. After surgery, I was in denial too and the same following salvage radiotherapy and ADT. In fact until very recently when I was told that my cancer had never ever responded to hormone injections, a continually rising PSA despite all treatments and now had the bleakest of bleak outlooks, certain death before the age of 60, I was still in denial. Now, if I lived in Egypt, I would actually believe that I was rapidly drowning in the Nile!When I was 16, my great Aunt Flo died. Before she popped off her mortal coil she told her sister, my nan, that if there was another existence after this one, she would come to her via a medium's hearing with one word, "Acceptance." My nan sadly never heard this word until the day she died herself, but I have carried the mantle on her behalf and believe that instead of hearing the word acceptance, it is actually a state of mind the sick and the dying acquire once all hope of a cure is lost. In my case, denial has transmogrified into a form of acceptance of my fate and that, now, this acceptance has released me from the despair of worrying about the disease spreading as it had done the last year or so to live the rest of my days enjoying what I have now. My mantra has become: accept your fate Barry graciously for all you ever need is now - and noone's the future can never be guaranteed, least of all your own. Each persons' mould is cast from birth and there is no average. Just the luck of the genetic draw.Prostate cancer hits men at all different ages, stages of life and with varying degrees of treatability. What man A has will never be exactly the same as man B and so the disease in this respect is distinctly unique. In the early days, the newly diagnosed will, quite rightly, grasp at the finest straws of positivity, seek knowledge from those in broadly similar situations and solace in the experience of others who have been through the inexorable mill on stage treatments. In time, if the cancer has not been caught early enough and they are one of the ones unlucky enough to remain undetectable, they will sadly enter the doors of that dark, satanic mill themselves and begin the journey on what I refer to as the road of certain uncertainty, that infamous 'rocky road.' At times, even if accepting of one's fate, one will often feel invincible even in the early stages of incurable disease, or in control when the drugs and treatments are working. Conversely, they will often, too, tend to delve into varying degrees of sadness, hopelessness or for the weak of spirit, depression or similar as treatments fail. For the majority of my own particular journey, one that is unique to me and that no reader of this forum will ever truly share in exactitude, there have been days of deep, dark depression and seas of tears for the injustice of it all and the unfairness of knowing you will die much younger than Madame Fleurie once prophesied. It has, until recently blighted any optimism I was told I should try to exude and ensured that the cancer was beating me both psychologically and physically. However, now that I have reached that certain point in this very uncertain journey, the fulcrum that lay between curable and incurable, I am, albeit reluctantly and mightily hacked off simply because I wanted to notch up just a few more life events, much more accepting of my situation. It is this 'acceptance' that I believe my dear old Aunt Flo spoke of before she died. That acceptance of the once unacceptable but now clearly unavoidable. That drive towards the cliff of our own mortal lifespan where the brakes are failing but the engine still rolls along. It is, I believe, the rocky road that Spurspark once eloquently spoke of but which has now become my very own - that road of certain uncertainty. Once impossible to live with, it is now a little more palatable having tried and failed all the treatment options and is, for me at least, allowing me to get on with the job of enjoying every precious moment with the woman I love, the children I would take a bullet for and this life which I once thought would last forever but clearly will not. I urge all of you, whatever your fears, your anxieties and concerns, whether Gleason 6 or 10, T1 or T4, a newbie or an old hat, to live for the now and fill it with every joy you can, whether that is travel, a bucket list, drinking the finest wines and beers or simply dunking a huge wad of your favourite biscuits into a hot mug of tea. Life, for all its pleasures, simple or otherwise, is there to be relished, not be complacent with. For as death always wins in the end, taking the maximum joy, whatever your predilection, should always be your aim every day. God bless you all. Barry Cashin (Bazza)I am Spartacus - with the strength of iron, a will of steel and the fight to give this disease a real run for its money.













