The End Fingers crossed    Well here we are. Just over one year on and I've had my 6 week post RT follow up and been told to go away for 6 months!Started last September with a PSA of 6.71, which led to a 12 needle biopsy giving a T2c, later regraded to T3a, where I had the initial choice of Da Vinci or HT + RT. after much soul searching, we decided that HT was more preferable, but were then told that because of the regrading, surgery was not a viable option. Ho Hum.Usual route of Bicalutamide, then Zoladex, 1 monthly for 3 months, then Gold Seeds, then 37 days of 2 Gy. At the last meeting during RT, it was decided to go with Zoladex for a further 3 years, so switched to 3 monthly now.Minor urine problem 2 days into RT, but other than that, no probs other than feeling really tired at the end.PSA was down to 0.94 at the start of RT and 0.13 a month after finishing, so definitely the right way, but am still on Zoladex, so long time before I get a clear true number, but if all those x rays have done their job, it should be right anyway.Had some 'brain' issues back in July ( see my entry What next ) that caused me to go on sick leave, then got drawn into the Occupational Health system. They insisted, in light of my 'issues', that I take off another 2 months, then go for a review about returning at the end of November. So got a while to go yet. Regrettably, I think the GP may be right about the anti depressants,  if I do need to go back on them, not sure how Occupational Health will view that in relation to driving, as they wanted me to return my licence to DVLC last time we met. Not happy about that at all.So here we are, a ruined 2014, but a new start in 2015 to look forward too.Hope everybody on the HT /RT path is doing well and not having any problems.Good luck to all fellow sufferers and I hope the new year brings a better outlook for all of us.Keep smiling, it makes you feel better.Regards to all.CjwADDENDUMBeen a while since I   this and it's now nearly 8 weeks since I was signed off. Still have to live with the Zoladex of course, but life should be wonderful, shouldn't it?If that's the case, how come I feel so down?Feel like I've been abandoned, even th OH is losing that connection we developed during the process.Is this a normal part of the disease? Or am I just over sensitive?Thought I'd look forward to the end, but now it's arrived, I'm not so certain.How about you others that have finished. How goes life?