Seven years and still alive Hi folksToday I have survived 7 years since that awful diagnosis in 2008. The "two to three years" standard prognosis for a man with advanced metastatic PCa spread to bone has long since been beaten but the journey has not always been easy, as my profile will testify! OK, my PSA is on the high side @ 1410 but I feel no different to when it was less than 1. I have just had a CT, MRI and Bone scan, all of which show NO disease progression. The bone scan is actually better than last year and my oncologist puts this down to the Chemo. Best of all is that the CT scan still shows NO soft tissue involvement i.e. My disease is 100% confined to bone, where hopefully we can control it. I really need Enzalutamide now but have been denied access by the local health trust on the grounds that I have had Abiraterone (a few months, didn't work for me). Hopefully this situation will change. I have been involved in a long campaign to create a Cancer Drugs Fund for N. Ireland and ease the restrictions on individual funding requests. I have had private meetings with the health minister and the chief medical officer and am pleased to say that yesterday they announced a 12 week consultation into the creation of such a system, funded by the re-introduction of subscription charges. Watch this space ......Nil desperandum AllisterPost Chemo 2 Update Some people have asked me to keep them informed of my progress (or lack of  ). The original post is in the old forum so this is a new thread which I shall endeavour to maintain   . In a nutshell, I really want to try Enzalutamide but so far this has been denied me as I was (very briefly) treated with Abiraterone. The annoying bit is that Abby didn't work for me, not even a tiny bit and at that time there was no advice from NICE saying that one excluded the other  . Basically they moved the goalposts and I am not a happy bunny as it gives my local health trust sufficient grounds to refuse me Enzalutamide. NICE made no distinction between men who benefited from Abiraterone (sometimes years) and those who didn't (i.e. me!). The underlying science is totally different so there is no reason to conclude that Enza will NOT work for me but it will save them money if they don't allow it  Let's put this into perspective ....... The Parliamentary Accounts Committee reckons that NI could have saved £73M by using generic drugs instead of branded (we have highest use of branded drugs in the UK)http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-31713692We only need £5M to £7M to cover the cost of a Cancer Drugs Fund for NI and the cost of allowing Enzalutamide to men like me is peanuts Am I angry - you bet!Will I take it lying down? No way !!!  Nil desperandum Allister