Post Surgery - Lymph Node Removal Hi All,I had my prostate removed a year ago. A few months later I had radiotherapy, which finished 6 months ago. My PSA has continued to rise throughout. I've now been told that one of the possible next treatments is lymph node removal (depending on the results of a choline PET Scan). Does anyone know what is involved with lymph node removal? What are the likely chances of that being a "cure"? What are the possible side effects? How big is the operation? Any info would be welcome.ThanksJimSecond Course of Pelvic Area Radiotherapy I had a Da Vinci prostatectomy in January 2014. I then had 32 sessions of pelvic area radiotherapy in June and July 2014. As my PSA carried on increasing throughout I was sent for a Choline PET Scan in February this year, which revealed a cluster of cancerous lymph nodes in each side of my pelvic area. I started Bicalutamide hormone therapy tablets at the beginning of this month and was told I'd be on hormone therapy of one sort or another for the rest of my life and when all those stopped working I'd go on to chemo.My oncologist has said she is now going to try a second lot of radiotherapy, after I've been on the hormones for three months, which will target just the cancerous lymph nodes found on the PET Scan. I will have to continue with the Bicalutamide for two more years after the second course of radiotherapy.I'm looking for anyone who has had two separate courses of pelvic radiotherapy as everyone I've asked tells me this is not usual. Although that might be right I'm very happy to give it a try because even if it doesn't cure the cancer it might give me a few more years (when I asked last month I was told I had about 7) - I just want to know from someone who's actually had two lots of pelvic radiotherapy what sort of side effects and after effects I'm likely to experience and if they're different (worse?) than with the first course of radiotherapy. Also, did the second lot work for you?Thanks.JimMy first contribution  “Hello!I am 67 and retired.Diagnosed August 2011 with low risk cancer, Gleason 6. Been on Active Surveillance since then. PSA ranged up and down from 5.4 to 9.5, DRE always the same with one side of the prostate being a "bit hard". In 3 biopsies only 1 sample proved cancerous.Because MRI became available I had my first scan in July 2014, following which I am advised by Chesterfield Hospital to have treatment. They say I am T2 C with bits of cancer throughout the prostate. Thankfully it is still local. So now I have to choose between Surgery, Radiotherapy etc and most importantly to choose a specialist/hospital to do it. I still have no idea on how the disease is progressing, but because of the MRI I am strongly advised to take action.I look forward to becoming an avid reader of this Community. Any advice is welcome. It's therapeutic just to write this down.Best wishes to allJimDerbyshire”