worried about brotherMy older brother (59) has constantly put off having his PSA tested since I was diagnosed which bothers me but it is his call.I met up with him yesterday for a couple of drinks and he told me he thinks he may have developed an hernia. He said he'd noticed a lump in his groin area when showering saying it's visible when compared to the other side. He says he will get it checked out at the GP's.Hopefully it is an hernia but I couldn't stop my thoughts turning to the possibility that it may be a tumour.I didn't say this to him.Is it possible for a tumour from the prostate to manifest in such a way ie so the lump is visible as he has described? ThanksBriDoncaster Prostate Cancer Support Group Hi allI've pushed the boat out and having a go at starting a support group. It's not just for Donny people. The first meeting is on Friday 3rd Oct 3pm-5pm. Not the best time I know but it was about room availability. If the group progresses we can look at times etc and maybe another venue but gotta start somewhere. Any support/help more than welcomeThe meeting is at Doncaster Healthwatch, Duke Street, Doncaster. There are car parks in the area and it's quite near the railway station.There's also a Prostate Cancer awareness coffee morning there on September 5th 10am-12pmBriHarley Street Urology Did anyone else see the programme last night about private health care? It focused on Harley Street and the various practices.One of these was Professor RK who is a highly respected urologist and I believe was named in the top 10. He has a clinic/hospital on Harley Street. He had a chap from Norway who he operated on robotically to remove the prostate. At the meeting to discuss the histology Prof RK informed the patient that his Gleason was upgraded to a G9 but the operation was sucessful and he was now cured. I thought that was amazingBriTwo years post op Bit of a milestone this week really as it will be two years since I ditched my prostate. I was dx in November 12 with a T2bm0n0 Gleason 6 tumour...PSA hovering around 20 and 8 out of 12 cores positive.I had the usual consultations with urologist and oncologist...researched and asked for a referral to a highly experienced surgeon who had done over a 1000 of these ops. He agreed to do my op. My only regret was the first surgeon dismissed a referral to Addenbrookes for a robotic procedure. I wish I had challenged that..I had the op the first week of February 13. The op was done laprosopically ie keyhole.I have since wondered if full nerve sparing was the right call as I had to have follow up RT. My post op histology showed a focal breech and was upgraded to 3+4 g7. All 15 lymph nodes removed were clear as were seminal vesicles. PSA was 0.06 and this raised slightly over the next few months so we decided to zap it in August/Sept 2013.Following my op I made a good recovery and was fully continent within a few months. My flow has been effected but I am living with that as no big deal...We decided against a bladder neck incision due to possible side effects. I got through the RT unscathed and continued working throughout.I still have erectile function difficulties but Viagra does help. I couldn't get on with Cialis.My pre RT PSA was 0.087. 6 months after RT it was 0.048. A year after RT my PSA was 0.037...in a few weeks or so I will know my 18 months post RT PSA. They told me it continues to work for two years so hopefully the PSA will continue to drop.Hope this is helpful to any newbiesGood luck to all going through their treatments but particularly my friends who were dx'd at the same time as me. We are still sharing a journey...see you in 8 years DavyBriPSA decline rate We talk about the PSA doubling time when we see an increase in PSA for obvious reasons and the slower it rises the better.But what about the rate it goes down at. Those who don't know I've had a RP but due to a rise in PSA from 0.06 to 0.087 in 5 months I had follow up RT. 6 months after the aRT and my PSA was 0.048. A year after the RT and my PSA is 0.037. So going in the right direction.But why so slowly? I have yet to read a profile where someone has such a slow decline in PSA following two radical treatments. I read the stories of other men who's PSA rapidly drops following the follow up RT. I think I may be being naive Bri