This is my story for what it's worth. I don’t know if my story will help anyone here, but I hope it shows that caught early enough this frightening illness can be dealt with, resulting in a successful conclusion. I am more than happy to answer any questions from anyone who reads it,.In July last year I went to the doctors for a cholesterol test. The next day I got a phone call from the nurse to say that she also did a well man check which included a PSA test. the result was high for my age (64) at 8.5, and she asked me to go for a second test for confirmation. This result was 8.9.I made an appointment with the Doctor who did a DRE. This showed a slightly enlarged prostate that was smooth. He was undecided wether to monitor me or refer me to a consultant. On balance to be on the safe side he decided to refer.Two weeks later a visit to the consultant confirmed the doctors findings. I was offered monitoring or an MRI scan or a biopsy. When I asked what he would go for he said MRI scan, and so this is what I asked for. Three weeks later I had the scan, and two weeks after that another consultation with a different consultant. the MRI had shown some suspicious areas. Again I was offered monitoring but when I asked the question again, “what would you do?” the answer was a biopsy . Another two week wait and I had the biopsy as a day patient. This was done under a general anaesthetic and caused no pain or problems in any way. Another two week wait and an appointment with another consultant confirmed cancerous cells with a Gleason score of 3/4. The MRI scan had suggested that the cells were contained in my prostate. I was offered time to think about what I wanted to do, and at another appointment with another consultant, a surgeon this time, I was given the following options. Radiotherapy every day for I think it was seven weeks, Brachytherapy, which is the isotope implant method, or nerve sparing surgery via laparoscopy or open surgery. again I was given time to think about it. I found the specialist nurse a great help and had a long chat with her to help decide what to do.Based on the fact it was believed to be contained and the risk of double incontinence five years down the line from radiotherapy, I elected for open nerve sparing surgery. I figured if it was contained then get rid of the thing, and the more the surgeon could see, the better chance he had of sparing nerves. Surgery carries a 55% chance of impotence and 95% of men are urinary continent within a year.So, another trip to the consultant surgeon where I elected for surgery. Before that can happen though I had to have a bone scan for metastases. A suspicious area was found which need a chest Xray. This showed the operation could go ahead, and another week or so for that and another appointment and the decision for surgery was a go.I had the operation on December 30th. It was about a five hour operation. With medication I had little pain or discomfort. and was discharged from the ward after three days. The biggest discomfort was constipation, particularly as i was very reluctant to stress the wound or internal stitches. I was fitted with a catheter during the operation which was held in place by a cord that was brought out through my bladder and abdomen wall to a pad that prevented it from being pulled back by the catheter. Unfortunately I got a chest infection while in the hospital and the subsequent coughing was agony as it pulled on the wound and the catheter restraint. A trip to A&E and antibiotics sorted the infection. Showering was a two person job but with care it can be accomplished. It also took a great deal of help from my wife to get the surgical socks on and off. The wound took time to heal. It was still leaking after a couple of weeks, after which I had a salt bath every night and after about a further week it was healing well.At first I didn’t want to eat. My wife finished up standing over me whilst I drank soup and ate a cold chicken leg. It took a week for my appetite to start to return and after three weeks I was back to normal. Prunes and prune juice helped the constipation, but I recently found the benefit of Greek yoghurt which helps more evenly and so I don’t have to suffer the prunes.The sight of ones penis shrunken so much that it hardly appeared was worrying, but after three weeks and post catheter removal i started to get some mild growth, and after five weeks I could get 80 % of an erection. I have since been taking Cialis which allows a full erection and I am now able to make love to my wife and achieve an orgasm.I had a PSA test three weeks ago which showed my PSA was so low that it was unmeasurable, so I guess I have been cured.Just as a recap the hard things I found were, making a decision as to what treatment to have, the constipation, the catheter, (don’t be surprised if you leak around the catheter, or if there is blood in your urine, it’s normal though it does feel a bit strange), and eating.Three months on from the operation I feel well and energised and am back at work.Again if anyone has any questions on what one can expect then please post here or email me.The operation was carried out by a very professional, skilled, and caring surgeon who works with a great team from Scunthorpe hospital.Please remember there is always hope. Cancer is not necessarily a death sentence.Finally I must mention that I believe the main reason for my speedy recovery is the wonderful support and care I have had from my wife. It is easy to forget that it can be just as difficult if not more so for those whom we love.