My journey with permanent seed brachytherapy In the last week I undertook the procedure for permanent seed brachytherapy. I am now officially radioactive :o). Hoping to be of value to others, and to add to the experience record I have decided to write a diary;  starting with D-Day minus 2 and with frequent updates at first and then tail off to notable updates and end the saga after the twenty month notice on the radiation precaution expires. Before the first diary entry I thought that a background summary of how I have arrived at this radioactive sate would be in order.BACKGROUNDI am male, 64 years old, married with three adult children. In November 2013 I was diagnosed as having prostate cancer (PrC). The cancer characteristics were: PSA 4.8, Gleason 6 (3+3) and a biopsy found <1% cancerous cells in one sample on each side of the gland. A subsequent MRI was consistent with the classification T1, N0, M0; in other words low risk and contained in the prostate gland. Urine flow, measured in February 2014, showed that from a full bladder of about 430ml I would release a volume of about 350ml. The gland was measured as enlarged and examination showed that it was firm and there was PIN.The question was what to do. Three main options were considered. These were active surveillance (AS), radical prostatectomy (RP) and permanent seed permanent seed brachytherapy (PSB). The choice is well known to be difficult. With my wife I saw various consultants at the hospital Ð all were generous with their time. We had an instinctive preference for PSB and spent a lot of time talking with the PSB consultant. I contacted with the Prostate Cancer UK charity who sent me their tool kit (which is essential reading), set up a couple of telephone conversations; one with an gentleman who had elected for RP about 10 years ago and one who had elected for PSB about seven year ago. Both conversations were very helpful as they gave clear and helpful accounts of their own experiences and both were satisfied about their choice. I also launched a discussion thread on the Prostate Cancer UK social network.The thread was well replied to by other subscribers. Some respondents offered conversation, some offered similar experience and some offered advice about coming to a decision. I found all the discussion very helpful. One respondent reported provocatively that his oncologist held that it is ÒbonkersÓ not to adopt AS until radical action becomes clearly necessary. This comment was particularly helpful because it strikes at the heart of the decision-making problem. After weeks of reflection and looking up papers and articles available on the internet and, most importantly reflecting on the difference between hard evidence (fact) and interpretation I came to the conclusion that I was faced with a ÔbeliefÕ based decision. In reality hard information is incomplete and there is no crystal ball to help. I decided that what I believed were these things: (i) I will sooner or later have to take action against the cancer; (ii) That the cancer is presently contained within the gland; (iii) That as time passes any number of health and other factors (including economics) could obstruct the probably curative radical options. On this basis I decided to take action now rather than later; strike while I am strong and it is weak.So what therapy to choose? The reported evidence puts RP and PSB on a par in terms of probability of curative outcome. Having watched my father in the last 10 years of his long life have to cope with a catheter bag I was influenced by my belief that I would spend less time using a catheter bag if I chose PSB. In general my wife and I have retained our instinctive inclination to PSB. That said, there was a period of two weeks where I thought I would go for RP. Anyway PSB was my declared choice at the end of April and a date, at the start of June, was set for the operation.