PCa, RALP and Onward HiWe'll, it's a long time since I first   here and since that first post I've generally let VJ do all the talking/posting. I have regularly read and kept up with all your journeys though. I hope this post works as I'm still experimenting with this new site.In my experimenting I came across my very first post here in November 2012 and it is that as much as anything that lead me to try to post an update.It's round or about 18 months now since I was diagnosed and decided to have an appointment with RALP at Guys. After my surgery in January 2013, things went relatively by the book and luckily incontinence for me was short lived. A few times I didn't listen and was caught out but in general things have gone well.The PSA tests every 3 months after the op did give me bad times for about a week before the blood test up till the time I got the results which were always good and identical at less than 0.03. I had three of them and was told good we will now put you onto 6 monthly tests. At the time I thought I would worry myself silly having to wait for that long. In truth, as the weeks and months passed the PSA test seemed to drift away and not be foremost in my mind. That was a big thing for me. As it turned out I had my latest PSA blood test a couple of weeks ago and even rang my PCN at Guys myself to get my results. Once again it has come in at less than 0.03 so I can get on with life again for the next 6 months. What struck me more than anything though is the comparable difference between when I first set out on this journey and was a very frightened and anxious individual to now, where I feel so much more able to take things in my stride. Okay the excellent results have helped but there has been a great deal of input from many people that has helped get me here. Thank you and them.For any newbies. It honestly does get easier - I'm proof. For the people here going through so much worse than I have any idea of, I doff my hat to each and every one of you and wish you all the best in your fight to live life to the full. Kim