Testing testosterone levels I''m almost three years down the road after PCa diagnosis LRP and RT but so far no hormone therapy. HT may not be far off as my PSA post salvage RT is rising.What puzzles me is that my testosterone level has never been tested.I imagine most of us like to think we are high in testosterone.I did touch upon the fact that my TL was unknown but the consultant sort of brushed it aside but my concern is whether a higher TL (had that been the case) would have made it more likely the HT would have been introduced earlier. So  really my question is how routine is Testosterone Level testing after initial diagnosis?Thanks,DaveNot "Why Me?" but "Why Not Me"?Age and radical prostatectomy 2 Hi,I began a thread under the above title early in 2014. At that time, I was told by a team consultant that I should take a further 6 months active surveillance as my cancer was low risk and not likely to endanger me in the short term. I was not happy with that recommendation, having been referred to his hospital for da Vinci surgery by my local urologist and so far had nothing to show for it. I sought and was granted a further consultation with a different consultant. This time he took on board the fact that I could not have an MRI scan due to my pacemaker and had no certainty that my initial diagnosis was accurate. In 2013 it had been Gleason 6 (3+3) T2b PSA 7. I was referred for a template biopsy under general anaesthetic. This was conducted, without complication in June 2014 and the outcome was that my cancer  was now considered Medium risk as the tumour was more widespread within the prostate than had been demonstrated at my original biopsy a year earlier. I was now Gleason 7 (3+4) T2b PSA 9. This reclassification set the wheels in motion for a radical solution; either surgery, radiotherapy or focussed ultrasound. They all had their plusses and minuses but in the event I stuck with my original choice of surgery. which was carried out in September, without complication. I have thus answered my own original query, which was whether at 70 and with a heart condition, I might be leaving it too late to have surgery. Others in this situation can take heart!    DavesNew to Casodex Hi allWell, I've been strolling along on Zoladex since 21st March2011 but now it's Casodex as well. Read the side effects sheet and was much taken aback. Is breast development common? I already fell pretty fatigued. I constantly itch and my memory is shot to hell. Will all this just get worse.... Though I am on the low 50 mg dose so might that be less problematic?Also wondered if anyone had had the blast of radiotherapy in advance to stop breast swelling? Not available in Norwich so is it worth travelling?I'd be grateful for any advice as my consultant doesn't want to see me till November, despite the new prescriptionDaveHRT Patch trials Hi, I don't really understand internet, and am completely confused by this web site, so if I'm doing something inappropriate please feel free to tell me so.I was diagnosed in November 2012, and after some tests (including a radio-active scan) I was selected to enter a clinical trial using Hormone replacement therapy patches, called "Prostate Adenocarcinoma TransCutaneous Hormones".  Initially I wore 4 patches, but after 6 months this was reduced to 3 patches.  During that time my PSA (what ever it is) reduced from about 2300 to 50, or so.  This has now decreased to zero point two.  I can't remember what treatment I received before starting the patches, which happened about May 2013. I understand that I also have a bone cancer (which is why I have been told that I have advanced prostate cancer) that makes lying in bed very uncomfortable after about 4 hours.  I am on a pain killer called Co--codamol, (codeine + paracetamol) which wear off after that time. That's all I want to say at present, is there anyone else using this site getting the same, or similar treatment? Overall I feel quite well, and living OK.   .  Regards, Dave169