Bad News, Prostate Cancer at 54 Bad News, Prostate Cancer at 54 I am 54 and have a healthy lifestyle. I enjoy running and cycling and regularly run 10k, half marathons and take part in cycling sportive events, so I thought that cancer was something that happens to other people apart from me; but it looked like my number was up in September 2014. My blood test results showed a PSA of 7 and by early November 2014, my consultant at Nottingham City hospital looked apprehensive as he delivered the words, “I’m sorry to tell you that results of your prostate biopsy has found some cancer cells”. He went on to tell my wife and I that the results had a Gleeson score of 8 based on a scale of 1 to 10 which meant that that cancer was also an aggressive form with a risk of spreading. The consultant’s voice faded into the background as I struggled to take anything else in. The whole experience was like a dream and l felt as if I was eavesdropping on someone else’s conversation. I did however take in various bits of information regarding the treatments such as radiotherapy and the removal of the entire prostate using robotic surgery.Prostate Cancer survival rates - Immediately after getting the bad news for my consultant, the next step was to sit and chat with the Oncologist Nurse who cares for and educates patients who have cancer. She explained that the survival rates for men with prostate cancer are very encouraging and spent time with me and my wife to tell us all my possible options and passed over a folder full of information showing the various treatments and the various side effects. Information and support - It is worthwhile taking someone with you to get your results from the consultant and the Oncologist Nurse (if applicable) because if your result provides you with life changing bad news, you may not be in a fit state to try and take everything in. My wife says that I don’t listen to anyone at the best of times, so it may just be me. My wife really has been great; while I did the typical bloke thing by not even bothering the look at the information provided by the hospital, she went through the complete file provided by the Oncologist Nurse and also scoured the internet for various pieces of information and support regarding prostate cancer.MRI scan and full body scan - The next step was for me to have an MRI scan of my abdomen and a full body bone scan to see the extent that the cancer may have spread. I was told that I should have my results in about a week and I will be given the results at the next appointment with my consultant. The waiting was the worst part as I was convinced that every ache and pain meant that the cancer was in my bones.Some good news - The letter from my consultant arrived in the post regarding my next appointment and before I knew it, my wife and I were sitting with my consultant at the Nottingham City Hospital. The results showed that the cancer was all contained within the prostate and there were no signs that the cancer had spread to my bones.  This was some good news when all of the previous news appeared to be bad.