Not every story is bad Hi all my name is Steve I'm 57 and was diagnosed with Prostate cancer in September 2014. I am a fit slimish active guy and a keen cyclistIt was initially given as a T2 Gleason 7 but regraded to a T3 possible T3a and Gleason 9 (4+5), so we had to get on with it sharpish !! I went through consultations with Radiotherapy and Surgery. I did not like the long drawn out treatment of radio beam therapy, plus the ongoing hormone treatment. There were aspects of the Radical surgery that concerned me(mainly incontinence).After reasurance from my surgeon at the Royal Hallamshire that he was getting excelent results using the Da Vinci robotic system I opted for that proceedure.The plan was for prostate remaval with nerve sparing surgery on my left side and lymph node removal.I had the surgery on November 13th 2014 was discharged on 15th with catherter fitted(much fun !!). Returned on the 21st to have catherter removed.NOW THE BITS TO TAKE HEART FROM. I was dry (overnight) from the first day of catherter removal. only used level two tenna( no doubt other products are available !! during the day and at most changed twice. that was in the first week. Pelvic floor exercise done frequently, by 3rd week I was down on level 1 , mainly for security. On the 15th of December I rode my bicycle for 10 miles( thats 4 week after surgery) It was tender but not painful. The next day I felt the same as anyother morning post op.I left it couple of days and then did 18 miles, 22 miles, 28 miles, 32 miles. Each with a break of either a day or two or three weather depandant. On the 5th of January 2015 I did 100km ride.At my 7 week check up, the tumour was large at 10mm but fully contained. My psa is 0.01, pathology regraded the prostate to a T2 and gleason 4+3  and I am fully continent(even when riding)I have had stirrings ( a couple) in the bedroom dept and this was prior to any ED medication. The main point of contributing is I am not superman and I know we are all different in our outlook, but feel more guys need to know there is light at the end of the tunnel.Yes i was scared that my life would be completely changed with treatments and after effects but I have always pushed to stay positive and that this can be beaten. I did not ask it to join in my life so I'd be damned if it was going to take it away from me.I have entered a cancer support ride in September from Leeds to Manchester and back to Leeds, where I will be proudly riding as a cancer survivor. I hope some of this gives you some comfort that not all the nightmares come true.