Nine months on HiI am due my nine month review on Wednesday with one of my urology nurses. Feeling impatient on Friday I rang to get my PSA results, good news less than 0.03 for the third time, apparently they do not routinely go down to three decimal places.Following two bladder neck stretches, the continence is is still good although the cold weather seems to have an effect on the frequency. The intermittent self catheterisation to keep the bladder neck open is succeeding and three months on the flow rate is good, varying between 13 and 20 ml/second, I am hoping to reduce frequency of ISC over the next few weeks.I was non nerve sparring therefore ED is still an issue, so still trying to sort out a solution. I was told to stop using the pump until the bladder neck stricture was resolved, so hoping to use muse or something similar, any experiences would be appreciated. I did not join this forum until after my Da Vinci surgery and with so much information on this site I did sometimes wonder if I had chosen the right treatment,but with life almost back to normal I have no regrets.Thanks ChrisZoladex to Prostap or not? Greetings all. Diagnosed a year ago, started HT in Feb '14, Bicalutamide then Zoladex, first monthly then after 37 dose RT went onto 3 monthly. Had many side effect which have made life/work difficult but with support of GP (excellent) and some anti depressants and Indoramin, everything seems,at last, to be settling down into a tolerable state. However, last week I received a letter from my GP surgery informing me that from now on, all Zoladex  s will be transferred onto Prostap. This decision has been made after consultation with the Specialists at the local hospital ( which has an excellent reputation for RT treatments), and the local Care Commissioning Group.I've spent the last week hunting for info on Prostap, and whilst I can find data sheets and other technical information, there seems to be little from  s or real world interested parties.So is there anyone out there with real world experience of long term use of Prostap ? Have you switched from Zoladex ? What was the change like? Did the side effects change and are they different, the same or worse?Any information useful as what I have found to date seems to imply that Prostap is worse on the man boob side, weight increase and depression. I've already got weight increase and depression from Zoladex , and I certainly don't want to make them worse and add boobs as well.Any info, experience or advice welcome. I've a meeting with my GP on Monday and it would be useful to be able to talk from a position of knowledge. I am lucky that I don't need my next injection until March, so I've got a bit of time to prepare.May 2015 bring forth good news for all of us in the situation. Keep looking forward and carry on.ChrisOne year one  A bitter sweet day.One year ago today at eight o clock in the morning I sat in a theatre ante room waiting to have my prostate removed. There was then a problem with the air scrubbers and a chance the operation was going to be postponed, if I had come away at that point would I have gone back, not sure ?The air scrubber problem got fixed and I was the on the anaesthetist’s table asking if anyone had done a runner this close to the operation, one thing that went through my mind was the waste of every ones time, effort and money if I were to run off. Ten minutes later I was asleep and the next stage of the journey had begun.Post DX I think it is fair to say I was guided towards Da Vinci. I have a mind of my own and investigated Da Vinci at my local hospital, open surgery with a Daily Mail top ten surgeon (I took an instant dislike to him), I looked at supposedly side effect free (DM words) low dose painting “no such thing as no side effects” the consultant said and RT (bowel incontinence was mentioned and mum had suffered with that). Being a 21st century gadget man the robot was my favourite choice and my surgeon filled me with confidence.My job involves being in the office some days and anywhere in the UK other days. Based on the information I was given, with Da Vinci I could be back at work within two weeks, open surgery four weeks, low dose painting  twenty  250 mile round trips over four weeks or seven weeks of weekday visits to the radiotherapy centre. Da Vinci had to be the choice.How did it work out ? Not quite to plan. Four weeks off work post op, one night in A&E, a reduced urine flow and a bladder neck stricture, one cystoscopy, two days off for a dilatation and another catheter. Another consultation, another two days off for another dilatation and another catheter complete with problems.  Another consultation, another cystoscopy and the possibility of another operation. Six months of intermittent self-dilatation. A walk in the park compared to many of you on here.Last week I had my fifth 0.03ng/ml undetectable PSA reading and was told “most” men who have consistent and low PSA for a year have a good chance of remission hence why the PSA test stretches to six monthly tests. I am sure there are exceptions to this and it would be useful to know.I asked the question if my PSA is 0.03 ng/ml and all the PSA could be gathered up together how big would it be?  I had a bit of a wobble when the lab result read 0.03 ug and not ng, until I noticed that it was per Litre not ml.After having a few aches and pains could I have Mets with such a low PSA ? It would be unusual with the grade of cancer I had. There are apparently some aggressive cancers that do not cause elevated PSA levels.One year on, life is getting back to normal, I am still dry, there are stirrings down below and so far the urine flow is still hovering around the 10 ml/s and of course the PSA is low.So not a simple journey but I am in a good place and a lot better off than many on here and better off than a mate who yesterday took his own life.Thanks to those who have helped me directly and thanks to all who have   and shared their experiences with all of us. I hope my contributions may have been some help to others.Thanks Chris