Am I Right In Being Furious?As I was reading Anthony's thread about stupid PTSD diagnoses, I realized that I went through the opposite situation a couple of weeks ago.I had my gallbladder removed and, due to complications from the surgery, I developed biliary peritonitis three days later.I was taken to the hospital and put in the ICU as soon as I arrived. It was 9 am. The doctors didn't know what was wrong with me at first, until my son told them what medication I was on. As soon as the ICU doctor heard I was on psychiatric meds, he decided my ailment was psychosomatic ( a physical illness caused or aggravated by a mental factor such as internal conflict or stress).As I was getting worse, at 2 pm the surgeon contacted my therapist who told him that what they thought was stupid (that's what she actually said!), and she ran to the hospital to talk to them.At 4 pm, I was already on morphine and the pain wasn't going away. I knew I was dying and I told them so, but they kept telling me to wait. A doctor came to my bed to ask me if I knew what panic attacks and anxiety were. He was lucky I couldn't move from the pain! I would have killed him gladly, and let him know. Then he asked what my diagnosis was. When I told him PTSD, he asked what the main trauma had been. Then he asked if that was a definitive diagnosis. I was finally taken to the OR at 7 pm. Ten hours after my arrival at ICU. There were four surgeons waiting for me and they all looked pretty scared. My therapist had called my psychiatrist who had contacted the main surgeon. Also they had realised I was really dying by then.Of course, when they opened me they found the truth. And they even took pictures of it because it was such a rare complication!When I went to get my stitches out a week later, I asked one of the surgeons: "If I hadn't been taking psychiatric medication, would it have taken so long for you to operate?". His answer: "No". That's it. He even smiled when he said no! Four surgeons, one ICU doctor and a few nurses who thought it was more confortable (?) to think my messed up head was making everything up because I have PTSD.Going back to Anthony's thread, I can't believe some people seem to want to have PTSD!