End of therapy and struggling *Poss Trig*by Atychiphobiax » Thu Aug 28, 2014 12:34 amI'm really sorry this is long.... Thank you so much if you read!So I have been in therapy for nearly 2 years, when we first started and made our goals/plans.I wanted/needed to do some kind of trauma therapy. My PTSD symptoms were awful and I knew I needed to try and get somewhere within making them less painful/more manageable.My therapist wanted to do a lot of skills based work first which obviously made a lot of sense so for about a year we covered coping/distress tolerance/mindfulness/grounding type skills during which we realised just how bad my dissociation issue was as well. We soldiered through, but at the beginning of the second year my Mum passed away at only 41 years old and I found out I inherited the genetic disease that killed her, so obviously a shock for everyone and a huge disruption for therapy. After a few months of talking about/trying to process both my genetic illness and my Mum's death, we started making a try for the trauma work. We worked out a plan for how these sessions would run and made plans for me to be safe after them. The first session was surprisingly successful, I managed to say a lot more than I thought I would and handled the flashbacks and emotions that came with it pretty well considering what we expected. Unfortunately around this time there was also a reoccurrence of an incident with my 'old' abuser which caused me to start to unravel within my ability to cope. Eventually I admitted it to my therapist without realising she would have to inform other people, we had to have a huge meeting which due to threats from my abuser I refused to work with them in (despite wishing I could.) However then my dissociation started to play up and cause difficulties again. I started to lose long gaps of time completely from my memory and started 'waking' up to find myself far from home, or injured with no memory of it. As well as occasional memories of my abuser that I could recall. For various reasons he was back in the area for some time and it seems continued on from old patterns.I fell into a huge relapse of terrible anxiety, flashbacks, dissociation and depression. I was refusing to leave the house and unable to cope with what I was experiencing, I had problems attending my therapy appointments, or even participating because I would turn up shaking, unable to sit down, relax, hyperventilating most of the time and with a constant urge to run/escape. At the end all of this I finally found myself 'waking' up in the middle of a local woods, injured. I attempted to end my life but my partner had called the police who found me in time but requiring hospital treatment. Although once the police left so did I. Stupid I know, but the threats my abuser has over me is worse than not receiving hospital treatment. But basically it seems from another person that my abuser has left the area again, little by little the dissociation has faded. Still not perfect and something I try and keep an eye out for but the biggest problem now is that I'm losing therapy. I'm in the 'goodbye' process, down to monthly sessions for a few months but now the fog of dissociation is lifting I'm able to feel and remember just how bad I feel. How scared I am of my memories. I can remember that I'd pinned so much on having this therapy help me get the memories to a manageable level so they couldn't continue to destroy my life anymore.I really wanted to be able to achieve this thing but now I'm losing my chance and nothing else is ever going to be better. I'm going to continue to struggle for the rest of my life. I'm never going to achieve the things I want from life. The goals I have because every time I get to a triggering period of the year I want to die. Everytime I get stuck with the flashbacks and I hear his words I want to die. Everytime I wake from a nightmare struggling to breathe, I wish I were dead. I'm never going to achieve the things I wanted from life because I will be spending my life trying to just survive. I feel so low. So hopeless and my suicidal thoughts are driving me nuts. I'm such a failure. I've let myself and everyone else down. As usual I messed up my chance to try and get more from my life. I don't know why I try. I just mess everything up.