On The Road To Controlling My PtsdI was living on a farm. It was about 11pm. I had just gone to bed. As I was lying in bed thinking about my day, there was a loud bang and a sickening noise. I went outside and could hear what sounded like a radio, but since I was miles from town and my nearest farm was 2km away, I drove down to the road. I could hear the radio. About 100 meters up the road was a car wrapped around a tree. I was the first on the scene and saw that the driver and the rear passenger on the driver’s side had died on impact.The rear left passenger was close to death and was choking on his own blood. I was trying to get the door open so I could help the front passenger but nothing I tried worked. He was very upset and it was such a horrific sight with his dead mate sitting beside him. I wanted to go and get help but he begged me to stay and not leave him alone. There was so much blood that I could not see where he was bleeding from and since I had no first aid training that would really help in this situation, I told him a funny story. The story was about a guy from the pub that we took shooting who fell out of the utility and landed with his head in a rabbit hole and the passenger smiled because he knew the guy. It was at about that time that his mate in the back seat took a really loud deep breath and then there was silence.I have no idea how long I sat with the guy in the front seat but he seemed to be dozing. I kept talking to him to keep him awake and distracted so he would not look at the driver. It was not something I wanted him or I to look at. He seem to go to sleep again but this time I could not wake him: he had died very peacefully.The time after that is a bit hazy. I remember sitting on the road and feeling totally helpless and alone. I kept thinking that maybe if I had gone for help things would have been different. Sometime after that a farmer arrived and walked to the car and put a tarp over it. He told me to go home as there was nothing we could do and he would wait for the police to arrive.I don’t remember going back to the farm. I remember sitting on the laundry floor with a scrubbing brush trying to scrub the blood out of my hands. I fell asleep on the laundry floor and woke up in daylight with my hands torn to shreds from the scrubbing brush. I walked outside and took off my clothes, burnt them, went inside and had a shower and went to bed. I didn’t go anywhere for the next three days as I was in disbelief as to what had happened. I had to go to town to ring work and tell them I had car problems and then I took the rest of the week off.I returned home the next day and went to my local doctor and told him what happened and he gave me something to help me sleep. I never spoke about it again until my meltdown six months ago; I kept going to the doctors for years saying I didn’t feel right, I had a lot of tests, and they found nothing wrong with me. It is only in the last six months that I found out that the feeling I have is anxiety. It took a young doctor three minutes to identify what he called "a strong sense of dread."What triggers the dream is any kind of bang in the night--a branch falling on the tin roof or even the guy next door dropping something into his bin. When I wake up, I am not sure if I am back at the farm 30 years ago or here in the present time. I look at my hands and that helps me ground myself and realize I am home, in bed, in present day. The anxiety really kicks in the following three days after a flashback: my memories of the guys, that moment when the last passenger died, that feeling of helplessness and being alone with four dead guys that I knew from the pub. I can still see them at the pub laughing and mucking around.The last four years have been very stressful. I lost my dad in July 2010, then my wife had a large tree branch fall on her causing a crushed fracture, and I had a TIA (minor stroke) where I lost some feeling on my right side. But I was lucky as then my Mum fell, broke her hip, and had a major stroke after surgery. It was her wish not to be revived.In about September 2014 I started to have flashbacks more regularly. Every time I had a flashback I needed two or three days off of work. Eventually my sick leave ran out. I was such an emotional wreck from a feeling I could not explain. I went to my doctor and told him my story and he said I was suffering from anxiety/possible PTSD. He sent me to a psychologist who assessed me and diagnosed me with PTSD.This is what I relive every time I have a flashback. I can never remember the tune on the radio but I can hear it in my dream. This happened 30 years ago and had never left my mind. But now, I don't think about it every day and I can go for months without the dream.I am in therapy now and on 150mg of Zoloft per day with Diazepam as a backup for the bad days. I am able to write the story of my trauma without breaking down and crying. I haven’t had an alcoholic drink for 3 months when prior to that I was drinking a bottle of scotch every second day and then some.I am not healed but I am on the road to controlling my PTSD.