I Need To Chart The Course Of My LifeI wish there was a "life advice and goals" board. Since there isn't I just put it here to clog up general Discussion.Been discussing "what being crazy means for me" a lot with T lately. Against tne backdrop of some life upheavals - terminal illness of someone I love deeply, trying to deal with a health crisis of my elderly mother (separate from the terminally ill person), some serious depression issues, a lot of slipping backwards in my own recovery. Had a massive triggering experience in Jan/Feb timeframe. Job stress. Financial stress. Stress in general, too much to do in too few hours each day.It all feels so overwhelming.So, I've been really trying to work through my paranoia over having a mental illness/psychiatric injury and/or being mentally ill and/or being crazy ... Whatever you wanna call it.When I felll into a crisis state summer 2012, my diagnosis and how what passed for treatment played out in about the worst possible way it could have. I was misdiagnosed as bipolar II, I was strong-armed intimidated against my will and despite desperate pleading not to into a psych day hospital program for a few weeks. Now, I have posted recently and discussed with T that I feel I may fall some where on the less severe end of the bipolar spectrum. I'm not sure - a case can be made both for and against. I'm going to do some psychological testing per T's recommendation to try to unravel the knots and get a clearer picture.But even if I were bipolar my 2012 diagnosis was a misdiagnosis and the wrong treatment because - it was classicPTSD - a literally potentially life threatening situation involving a gun threw me into full blown flashback mode to childhood domestic violence memories which involved guns and knives. My symptoms were misinterpreted - fear/hypervigilance was labeled mania, acute anxiety was labeled depression.So it was definitely the wrong treatment of tne acute symptoms / I needed anxiety meds, an ssri and was given, almost a month later, a mood stabilizer that took at least a couple of months to work - except it never did work - nada psychologically, but it did cause some bad side effects.Bottom line is - the way that all played out was about tne most traumatizing way it could have - way to go MH system and quack doctor - a guy presents in an acute PTSD crisis and you completely miss that in a 5 minute diagnosis and then proceed to do things to him that he tells you are the wrong approach and that massively retraumatize him.