Grr...Because of recent trauma, I am in my state's address confidentiality program. This means the state I live in gives me a generic address to use that goes through the state for all purposes - I use this address for everything from my drivers license to my taxes. All my mail goes to this state address, and then they send it to me at my home. The confidentiality program officials and local law enforcement know my actual home address, but it is unlisted everywhere else. This is one of several efforts to keep me safe from several violent convicted felons involved in perpetrating a recent felony against me. One of these felons was convicted of killing people... several people... It's an awful story how I came to encounter these people. It is a story that ended up in the newspapers and is leading to the change of several laws. (I have been working with one of the senators in my state to make sure the law is changed and no one is put as risk again.) So, it's a big mess, but...ANYHOW, my primary care doctor moved away recently and transferred my care to his partner. His partner decided I needed to do a full medical history and work up on my first visit with him. I was only somewhat agreeable. It made sense, but it was hard to do on the day that I came in because I was only there for one issue - food poisoning. While trying to deal with that, he began to question me about the PTSD.I responded differently than usual. I was tired of being pushed around, and when he started to push me around, instead of just saying no and sticking to it, I pushed back. (Verbally, not physically.)The conversation went like this:Doctor: What caused the PTSD?Me: trauma.Doctor: from whom?Me: perpetrators. abusers. Can we get back to my nausea and vomiting? My fever has been 103 too. I think it is from some bad chicken I had with a friend who is also sick...Doctor: what kind of trauma?Me: awful trauma.Doctor: I understand that the trauma was awful. When did the trauma happen? Was it physical, sexual? What kind of trauma?Me: I am really not comfortable talking about this any further today. I just met you 3 minutes ago. I'm here for my fever.Doctor: I can't help you unless you work with me to help you.Me: (in a tense tone.) I like doctors who want to work WITH their patients. I am here today for a fever, can you please help me with my fever and vomiting that I'm here for today? I was fiesty. And avoidant. Eventually he dropped the questioning about the PTSD and trauma history, and he treated the vomiting.Then he said: My nurse noticed your address is (in a different city two hours away from this clinic). Is this address correct? Do you live that far away?Me: no, because of the trauma, my address is in the confidential address program. I am legally not allowed to tell you my home address at this time. It's part of the rules of the program. You can contact (advocate) at (local safe house agency) if you want further info.Doctor: Only paranoid women stay in safe houses. I can send you to our psychiatrist who can help you with that paranoia and your anxiety.Me: (.....confused and angry glare.... )Doctor: We need to work on this anger of yours too. And we really do need your home address, the physical location of where you reside.Me: How about this? I'll give the perpetrator, who was convicted of three murders occurring over a 10 year time span before he also hurt me, I can just text him back in response to his death threats a short text with your office address on it and tell him he and his friends can find me here. I can even give him the time and day of my next appointment? How about that? What is the address here again? Doctor: I will not put up with this rude behavior. I will call Zofran (nausea medication) into the pharmacy. Otherwise, you need to knock off this attitude.Me: Ya know, I know of a psychiatrist you can see for that anger you have about me...The doctor mumbled something about my being "hostile" and walked out.I'm not usually this kind of feisty with people. I was mad. Really mad. I'm not even sure why. He was just a dumb pushy doctor. They are common. Somehow, it just got to me in a different way and I verbally sparred with him these two times in my effort to keep the most basic boundaries.I just had enough of being pushed around. I should have said no and walked out when he pushed the boundaries I set, but I didn't.Here's the thing: while there was no likelihood that I would have sent the address of the doctor's office to the convicted killer/stalker the address, I did want the doctor to feel a moment of fear that I would. I wanted him to feel what it is like to be in my shoes. For half a second.It's one thing to prove a point about how stupid someone is being. It's another to want them to feel fear. I didn't want him to fear me - not at all. I didn't want to scare him... except maybe I did. I did want him to understand, and I frankly wanted him to be scared for just a moment. I wanted him to feel the NORMAL paranoia that comes with being stalked by a convicted murderer before he continued to pathologize the hell out of me.Maybe my response was understandable, but the 1/2 second where I wanted him to feel scared, that's what perpetrators do. Many of them seek to cause fear to their victims. That's what I did. I didn't act out or meltdown....but I feel like I took a giant step in the wrong direction - in the direction of becoming like my abusers in the very worst way possible. I don't know what to do about it. Any thoughts? advice? ideas?