Coping Isnt A Cure.I don't believe in the phrase, "what doesn't kill you makes you stronger." In fact, it's not true, not even for a bone break. Just take biology, or even break one of your own bones and after it heals, break it again to find out just how easy it is to break it that second time.Aside from that, the prolonged release of stress hormones compromise your immune system by pulling energy away from the immune system and the vital organs to put energy into your muscles(making you ready for fight or flight- a normal response to stress) which can lead to system malfunctions and disease. Essentially, your immune system and vital organs are not getting enough attention/energy/love which puts you at risk for things like auto-immune disorders... which the abused are often familiar with.More than that, everything you think and feel manifests itself biologically. You are a body.The phrase "what doesn't kill you makes you stronger" is a lie.And many people will fight for it, why?Because it's a comforting lie in the face of a hard truth. That's why.Because people hate the truth when the truth hurts, that's why.But I ain't gonna lie to you.I am broken. The truth. And guess what? It does hurt.A lot.While some may bend over quietlyafter learning how to suffer silently and take a good beating, then call it "coping" and or an experience which will make you stronger in the end... (wtf? how does bending over and getting abused make ANYONE stronger in the end? All it can really do is make your bottom sore at best) I refuse to do so. I will NEVER EVER be thankful for the things that I have learned due to the unnecessary evils that I have been subjected to.I will NEVER express appreciation for the deep, dark, self awakening journey that I have had to undergo due to EVIL that I have experienced.I will never say that I am a better, stronger person because of this. Because I am not. Because the truth is I am very broken. Very broken and butthurt.