New Hereby Anonomouse13 » Fri Feb 06, 2015 6:19 pmHello!I'm not even sure if this is the correct place for me but I've been having some anxiety and the more I look into it, the more it seems that I have a lot of the symptoms of PTSD. Apologies if I'm in the wrong place, I'm just trying to get myself straightened out as although I've always been anxious, for some reason it seems to be escalating a lot and effecting my life more in the past year or so.This is going to sound really wimpy and I feel awful posting it when a lot of people have had huge trauma but I'm really searching for answers. When I was a small child, I had some medical procedures. When I was 5 and again when I was 7, they though I had cancer and did some invasive surgeries. I was a very sensitive child and this really shook me to the core, though I don't think I understood how much until I was older. I still have flashbacks of the first one when I was I guess in a waiting room pre-op playing with a dollhouse. My Dad was there. Then, someone came to get me and I was screaming and clinging to my Dad and they pried me off. I remember a red wall. Really weird. And it sounds stupid, but for some reason when I think about this, I still get scared and cry and feel like a little girl, not the grown woman that I am. I pretty much have no memory of the second operation or anything around it.I don't remember what they told me or anything else about these medical procedures. Just that after them I felt like I was defective and was waiting for someone to find this out. I've avoided doctors as long as I could (basically, since I went to college and I"m not in my late 30's). I only go if there is a major reason and try to be as brief so they don't figure out that I'm messed up. Writing this. it sounds silly and non traumatic but I feel stuck. I avoid doctors. I feel like there is always something wrong with me and have some symtoms but simply can't go to a doctor. My boyfriend doesn't get this and says, just go and get it checked. But I can't.... I also have noticed that I never feel fully safe. Like I'm always bracing for something bad to happen. For much of my life, I've managed to push this aside but I think perhaps since I'm getting older, my fear of getting cancer or something awful is growing. Again, sorry. This all sounds rather lame but I really want to find a way to not be controlled by this and feel like a helpless child anymore. Any thoughts would be appreciated and thank you so much for reading!