Brain Science And TraumaI'm really interested in neuroscience possibly leading the way for better trauma research and even treatments. Anthony recently posted an article about biomarkers for trauma, which could help with diagnosis, such as neuro-imaging and blood tests (assume to test endocrine stuff). We've come very far with medications and various treatment options, but we don't have perfect answers because we don't totally understand trauma yet. We know everything goes haywire...but how do we get it back to normal? I'm interested in newer approaches like neurofeedback (though it's not available where I'm at).The brain imaging could really help understand trauma, especially as something distinct from a bad breakup. Bessel Van Der Kolk ("The Body Keeps the Score") wrote about a married couple that was together in their car during a horrendous pile up on the highway. Later, when reading a script of the accident during brain scan, the husband's amygdala was all lit up. The left hemisphere of his brain largely shut down, along with portions of the prefrontal cortex. This was flashback mode. His pulse sky rocketed, his thoughts became distorted and he became highly activated. The wife, however, felt nothing during this same experiment. She felt numb. Her brain scan revealed shutdown of nearly every part of her brain. This was dissociation. She dissociated likely because it was a pattern she had developed earlier in life. They were in the same accident, but had very different responses. But both showed traumatized brains. Shutting down of many portions of the left hemisphere is very common, along with lighting up of the amygdala. This would likely not happen in relationship to a bad breakup or grief. The feelings are very bad, but I'd assume don't activate survival responses in the brain.Van Der Kolk wrote that the "timekeeper collapses"...when the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex shuts down or deactivates "people lose their sense of time and become trapped in the moment, without a sense of past, present, or future." ---This is freaking amazing to hear because I have not been able to describe my time issues to my therapist other than calling it "all time globbed together". It's horrible in ways I can't put into words, but has gotten better.I recently started reading "Neurofeedback in the Treatment of Developmental Trauma" (Sebern Fisher, 2014). Fascinating stuff. The whole early traumatized brain and resulting behaviors and challenges mapped out. Also, notes on issues with R and L hemispheres (left not developed until age 2). All my quirks fit. My inability to feel myself as having a body or living inside my body? This is governed by the ventromedial prefrontal cortex, along with abilities to know self-other boundaries. It is major connections to the amygdala. The insular cortex also contributes to the "felt sense of being." I also relate to issues with parietal and temporal lobes, but won't go into all of it. The author successfully uses neurofeedback, whereas she saw little improvement for severe cases of developmental trauma through typical means...largely because these kids could not even connect to the therapist or feel them as "real" (it's taken me a few years to get beyond the kinks around my therapist's reality...thank god for her patience...I go through therapy at a paralyzed snail's pace). Anyway, Bessel Van Der Kolk also uses neurofeedback as a tool to help patients with regulation and brain organization.Neurofeedback is not an option for me right now, but I feel like I have the next best thing in somatic psychotherapy. The original neurofeedback source for the developing brain is an attuned, self-regulated mother. So if electrodes and scans and neurofeedback aren't available, the regulating "other" is very helpful. I learn slowly and carefully how to be in my body and feel difficult things without falling off the deep end because my therapist attunes to me and helps me build self-regulation from the ground up. Other tools for me include music, sound, and compression (like wearing braces or compression gear). While we can't all go get our brain maps right now, we are working on neurofeedback every time we successfully practice a new or safer way of self regulating.I'd be super interested to hear if anyone has done neurofeedback or biofeedback as part of their treatment. Also what others think or have learned along these lines. Or any recommended resources to share. We've spent decades researching pharmaceuticals, and that will continue. But neuroscience and that technology seems to be the new frontier in understanding and treating the "mind", in conjunction with what already helps individuals. What do you think?