ÊHow to write C-PTSD letter for father (absent)So, think read somewhere, doing such can be part of recover process.Not sure how to do though, especially as this situation is kinda different.Father: Never knewMother: The emotional abuser, which figure out She was projecting hatred of absentee on me.Father had/has a lot of problems, one being i'm the eldest of 14 of his kids.Another being he told me he was raped at 10 (which he told me at 17, after never seeing him, early?)My Mother I believe had mental problems before meeting my Father. However I'm concerntrating on Father atm, as mother just got DX with depression and i'd only push her over the edge.Would I still be correct in that Father was 50% responsible, as it was his affects directed at me, and as said, not once did come back/try to see. Even say age 10, would of gone through several years of abuse already and already cracked, but could of stopped me from full self destruct by having at least one person who would listen and could get out of the environment etc.This thinking correct?What would I need to say to be beneficial to C-PTSD?I have write two draughts earlier, wait, yesterday, sorry not slept, and 2nd version I started saying "not accepting that i was to blame, that my fault, that bad person, it's you".ÊI think at least believe I felt I was dangerously near the edge of the "Victim" zone, and from what I grasp, I should not go there without a professional.ÊI dealt with my emotional abuse early 20s. Turns out find out of last year, it was only the intellectual aspect, because realise now just how numb and stuff down emotions are. So even though I've accepted C-PTSD, and read Victim surivor everywhere, because I was counter-dependent my whole life, these words weren't accepted by me, and thought would figure out replacement words. However what felt yesterday, was that of the border of Victim, and not just, happened, = tough sob.Hope this makes sense, 2nd night no sleep.Cheers.