What do I do when my own mum is the trigger?by confused92 » Mon Feb 16, 2015 2:12 amHi guys,Basically my mum and my sister traumatised me 2 1/2 years ago and I just don't know what do about this anymore. I can't move on from it because they're my family members and can't exactly forget about them. Does anyone have any advice about what to do?In terms of what happened, basically I went out with someone who was mixed race and it all started when I told my mum. My mum and sister are almost certainly narcissistic and have always been controlling and harsh towards me but I never expected to happen what happened. Basically, both of them resorted to bullying me into breaking up with him by exacting powerful control tactics over me, such as verbal abuse, guilt tripping, threats, brainwashing tactics, gaslighting and basically trapping me into a corner where I could not escape. All because they didn't want me to go out with a non white person and I refused to break up with him when they demanded it. It ended up with them threatening to disown me completely unless I broke up with him. They also raged at me for going to my friends to help me out, and blamed me for making everyone angry and for "ruining" my sister's graduation because they decided to bully me and I got upset. Anyway, I wanted to get away so I decided not to go on the family holiday that we were due to go on the next day, because I felt so frightened and horrified I just had to escape. That then prompted my mother to up her threats and then threaten to disown me if I didn't go with them, telling me how much I'll struggle on my own if they turned their backs on me. So they basically bullied me into going and spending 3 weeks stuck in a small apartment with them in a foreign country, where I had no escape. It psychologically felt like I had been kidnapped. They also spent those three weeks indoctrinating me into doing what they wanted and to force me into believing they were right. I felt very afraid as I felt like my brain had been imvaded. I felt like I was not safe, and that the rug of security had been pulled from under me. I was just so horrified that my own mother could do that to me. Even the school bullies were no way near as nasty as my own family members had been towards me. My dad said he thought they were abusive.So that's what happened. The problem is, my mum and sister are still somewhat abusuve towards me because of their narcissism and we have a very strained relationship. I feel intense anxiety everytime I talk to them or visit the family home, like I am not safe. I feel so unsafe that I now cannot even be around them without my boyfriend accompanying me. I swear my anxiety and hyper vigilance around them is worsening over time rather than improving. Also neither of them acknowledge any fault for what happened or apologised. They still blame me for how they behaved. I also get distressing flashbacks everytime they do anything that resembles ganging up on me. The likelihood of this traumatic event occurring again is also highly possible, as they said my mum will never speak to me again if I so dare as to get married away from my hometown. In addition to this, I also developed debilitating social anxiety and a strong fear of others which is stopping me making new friends. Therefore I am really struggling to recover from this and move on, because my own mother and sister did this to me. I can't exactly escape from them, and the fear of a repeat scenario looms over me all the time because it is highly. I'm fed up with feeling so scared of them and of the stress I go through when I talk to them. I just don't know how I'm going to be able to fully recover when I am bound to the perpetrator and trigger. Does anybody have any advice as to what to do? I feel like my depression and anxiety caused by this are ruining my life and I can't take it anymore.