When It Has Gotten Better...Hi all. I'll try not to make this too long, but I would love some insight.I was diagnosed with PTSD in the fall of 2013, as my memories of childhood abuse began to resurface, after already having a long bout with severe depression and self-harm for several years before then. My anxiety skyrocketed around that point as well and for the next year I dealt with all those undeniable PTSD symptoms we know so well. (I posted on here a lot more during that time, too). It was incredibly hard, a daily struggle to keep myself alive. But beginning around fall/winter 2014, things started to get better. Right now, things are really good, especially compared to how they were. I'm still depressed but not severely, with some anxiety but nothing horrible, and it's a rare occasion that I have a significant flashback or feel strongly triggered. It is clear to me that some of my circumstances have definitely changed - I have grown immensely in my self-care, have finally found a wonderful community of friends to support me, my physical health has been better, and in general I was able to make huge steps in becoming a braver and more sociable person this past year. I have consistently surrounded myself by good and healing things and people, and I guess that has helped make a difference.But of course, despite all of this... I am experiencing so much doubt and self-hatred because I am feeling better. I still believe (and more rationally and logically than ever before) that my trauma did occur. But I'm also fighting so much doubt. My brain is constantly challenging itself: Why am I better? Isn't this supposed to be something that lasts forever, or at least years and years? Did I fake all the PTSD? Did I fake my memories of trauma? Did I do it all for attention? Why do I deserve to feel better when there are so many good people still struggling so much? When will it strike me again? Has anyone experienced these thoughts in periods of feeling better? Does anyone even HAVE periods of feeling better? Does the PTSD swoop back in eventually? I'm so confused and the more I doubt, the worse I feel. Ugh.