I feel stuck in timeby twistednerve » Fri Oct 31, 2014 3:29 pmAny of you here also feel like you're stuck in time? As if a certain period of your life, certain people and what happened - all traumatic - somehow became a parameter for everything else in your life. I sometimes honestly feel "my abusers" are with me all the time. Judging me, seeing me, watching what I do, chatting with me in my head. it's like everything I do keeps going back to these people - their impression is on me forever.Sometimes when I wake up, it's as if my mind chatter was all night thinking about these people, repeating what they did to me, talking to me in my mind.Mind you, these are not hallucinations. I don't even know if they can be considered flashbacks or intrusive thoughts, either. Just to be clear: i was abused by a borderline mother who forced me into psychiatric treatment several times, and a lot of the "repetitive" thoughts derive from things I was forced to think, do, etc.. All the criticism, accusations, mistaken diagnosis, etc., keep "pounding" at my head intrusively.I literally feel no connection to anything anymore - its like all this conditioning and hurtful way I was seen and treated fragmented my identity and everything I do doesn't feel like it's actually me doing it, due to so many intrusive thoughts of these people "commanding" or "judging" me, so to speak.Sorry if i can't make this any more clear... To make it simple: Imagine you had a very abusive father, who always yelled at you, insulted and belittled you, also hit you. Say, every time you cooked for him, he yelled at you about how bad it was, critisized you for being such a #######5 cook and then slammed his plate on your forehead.Now every time you eat rice or you go cook, you feel all those unpleasant memories coming back and you just feel awful about the whole thing and just want to get it over with as soon as possible, "turning your mind off reality and the senses" to tolerate the unpleasantness.Can anyone relate?