When I was 15 my dad took us shopping with my younger sister who was 12 at that time.He bought was clothes. However , a month later when I got home from school he told me that he wants to buy me clothes so he was going to take my measurements with a tape measure.So he bought a note pad and a pen.so I was like sure and didn't think anything out of it.Then he made me take off all my clothes and I only had my underwear on and I was top less .This happened 3 or five times and the last time it happened he touched my breast at one point and try to take my underwear off but I stopped him. He didn't even buy the clothes after way from what I remember .He was obviously was just using that as an excuse and took adavantage of the situation. Then that was also another incident when I was alone in the house and he told me that he wanted to see if the eczema on my back is getting worse.I said no its fine then he got angry and said ``Your mom is not here``i am the one whoc checks these things!(my mom is deceased)He then made me take off my clothes and I only had an underwer on and then that was it.I am not sure why he made me do all that . Then when I was 18,he asked me to come and wash his back in the shower .I refused and told him that he should ask his wife to do that and not me. He then said its not a big deal and tried to lure me but I finally stood up to him and refused. He would try to do things like this when no one is around so he obviously knew it was wrong and inappropriate .I didn`t have anyone to go for support since he was the only person who have here. My step mom was also mean to us so I couldn't confide in her and the rest of the family was back in Africa .My dad came with us here is Canada I am now 29 and I live on my own. I don't talk to my father anymore since I resent him for what he put me through. For some reason I started getting the flash backs 5 years later when I moved out of his house.The flash backs comes and goes after a while. I still get them even 14 years later and it its haunts me to this day. I just want it to leave my mind and forget about it already  .I planning to see a therapist but money is tight. Its eating me up inside So my question is, would that be considered sexual abuse? why am I still getting flash backs ?Am I suffering from PTSD?