Calling Troll On New PostersThis is a general musing, based on a few threads in recent months. I don't want to get into specifics on any particular threads or individuals. I'm not offering any solutions, or even saying there are any, just typing my recent thoughts. I wonder if we label people as Trolls too readily? There is a difference between deliberate trolling, and being very bad at engaging with us. First, the whole Criterion A thing. In general, members here are keen to ensure that a new poster claiming PTSD actually has the condition, and that has to be right, because otherwise we would be flooded with endless vaguely unhappy people. I wonder if sometimes, though, people just can't manage to tell us what it's really about. In my own case, the actual onset of PTSD came from a non-Criterion A event, and if I hadn't seen the links to my past I could have rolled up here with all the symptoms but no Criterion A. There are people who can't bring themselves to mention the true issues until they have built some trust, and people who don't currently recall their trauma. Additionally, don't I recall that the site has been opened up to those with other trauma based conditions?Then, disruptive and raging behaviour - the thing that gets newbies banned most quickly. I AM NOT CRITICISING THOSE BANS. I can see that it is harmful both for the forum and for the individual for it to be allowed. But my heart breaks for some people who are so clearly in pain and need to learn a way to ask for help that isn't an attack on all around. Do we confirm to them that they will be rejected, without showing a better alternative approach? From my own experience, I grew up with parents who raged, sulked and blamed others whenever they were distressed. It was only when I saw others outside the home manage things differently that I realised there were alternative ways to manage uncomfortable feelings. Is there a way to model calmer, boundaried behaviour to these newbies before they get banned?Finally, proving a point. We can get more engaged with proving the point against a new poster than with seeing them as people. I've been guilty of reading these threads for entertainment, and forgetting that a possibly hurting person is on the other end. Often when we are in pain we are quite illogical. It's useful to look at why that happens, but for myself I need to do it when I'm calmer. Once I have recognised something in that un-triggered state, I may be able to pick it up when I am in distress too. I'm afraid that initially though, when we tell people that they are wrong about something, they hear that they are faulty and to blame.As I say - these are my mental ramblings recently. What do you think?