Doing The Right ThingI always know I am fighting this on some level when that little voice in my head says, 'You are an idiot'. Always the same line.... always the same words. It's about being taken for a sucker. Being taken advantage of. And trying to be a good person, you know, being true to my morals and values in a world that doesn't seem to really give a crap about them. Set me straight will you please?Quick update. Seeing a man for 2 years. He moves to CA. I move with him. I get there and 2 weeks later end up in hospital there, have to fly back here, he says I am coming back, so I leave my stuff there. I have important stuff there. My business incorporation documents, banking shit, not to mention my makeup brushes giggle: - I don't actually wear makeup much). Anyways, just before I leave hospital he snorts and laughs saying I am not coming back there, that I almost ruined him financially. So here I am, homeless, moneyless and really physically sick. He didn't give me my winter coat in CA - I just got it in April .... he was busy. I have some of his boxes at my place. He keeps wanting them. He has a friend who will pick them up. I want my stuff. I also want to do the right thing. I don't want his stuff and I feel it is wrong to keep it. He is complaining about how much money it will cost to send my stuff back home to me. I came up with a solution - air freight it to here. It will cost him less than 100 to ship 50 lbs back. There is much less than 50 lbs of my stuff there. He just has to take it pack it into my suitcase which is with him, take it to the airport. His response "Just thinking of going to LAX scares me". Really???? I don't feel like I will get my stuff back. I am not a thief though. I also don't want to be taken advantage of yet again. If I don't get my stuff back, why should he get his? Constant argument in my head. I know you can't tell me what to do - but maybe you can give me thoughts on all of this. It is a pattern of mine. If I get him his stuff back and I don't get mine I will be setting myself up for even more 'self talk abuse'. Any takers on this one?