Mum/SF/PTSD.by ZXHorse » Thu Feb 26, 2015 5:55 pmMum gave birth to myself, although Father left and never attempted to make contact.Mum, met Pete, and they had a boy, called Laurence, two years age difference from myself.Laurence was adopted out of family, Mum and Pete took me to India, where I was utilised to smuggle Mums personal stash, across border control..This in itself was concerning, even at age four, but her delight at the "accomplishment" was doubly so.While using a toilet, a gentleman became questionably interested in me, although Pete seemed to sense, and gave protection.Mum, managed to tip a kettle of boiling hot water over me, and did administer some medical attention.Returning to UK, Pete left, Mum and myself moved to Hampshire.Mum was distant, shouted, gave me a hiding, wrapping something around my hands.Mum, cried alot, and suffered a nervous breakdown, and attempted to take her own life.We moved to another part of Hampshire.Mum met Stuart, a well educated, charming person.... apparently.Within a year, the verbal assaults started. This usually saw, Mum, sat on sofa, while Stuart, unleashed a barrage of insults, and degrading comments.When this first started, I made attempts to protect Mum, and crept downstairs, with a toy, bow and arrow, at age seven years.Mum, then asked me to sit with her, while she was being verbally assaulted.While Mum cried, and screamed at certain comments, we would huddle together, trembling...shaking.Stuart stood over us, angry, threatening, and hostile, even pausing, to wipe the spittle from around his mouth, so he could then continue with the barrage of obscenities.After, I was sent to my room.In between assaults, efforts were made to communicate with Stuart, but these were usually met with instant dismissal.I was repeatedly told that I was just a kid...leave it to the adults...stop interfering....Stuart became more hostile towards me....I developed a stammer, stomach aches, and started taking change. I was labelled "Evil"...and called various other degrading things.Mum would show alot of sympathy to Stuart, reasoning that there were issues with his father, job applications were not successful, coz he was over qualified, and employers thought, if given a position, he may leave for better prospects.Also during these years, Stuarts father, left a business to Stuarts brother, which was not received well.At some point Mum said, she had completed a Child Psychology course.One night, Stuart, came home, and the shouting started, Mum went to phone the Police.The phone was wall mounted, at bottom of flight of stairs.While on phone, Stuart moved round to her side, came up behind her, and launched a kick, just missing Mums head, and destroying phone.Being at the top of these stairs, I instinctively launched myself at Stuart.At school, from age eleven years, the bullying started. A gang of around six to eight boys (Two ring leaders) would wait for me, at end of lane, leading to school .When returning from school, on several occasions, Mum was sat on sofa, Stuart stood over her, clothing disheveled, redness on skin, and an atmosphere that gave a certain impression.I found pornographic material in the room next to mine.Stuart would display further behaviors, such as standing naked in front of me, shouting, and yelling things.He would tell me, how embarrassed Mum was at me. Telling me how much trouble I was, how Id never be anything.Any attempts to speak to Mum, resulted in being told I was "Silly" ignored, or how "Disgusted" she was, and "Appalled" that I could even question Stuarts behavior.Attempts to interact elsewhere, met with the same reaction.Stuart became even more aggressive, and made threatening gestures, lunging towards her, or, pulling back his hand, each time, I'd try to put myself in between, but as things progressed,fighting started. Stuart then began sitting on me, tormenting, while Mum sat and watched.Later, she would say that I was resentful of Stuart, and told that this was proof that I was evil, nasty, and useless.Was taken to see a child psychiatrist, and was told that things were too complex, and I would most probably opt out of behavior, 35-40 years of age.Outside home, I found myself on the wrong side of the Law, and was placed in care of local authorities, at age 13, classed as uncontrollable.At fifteen years, was on streets, and found employment as a fair ground hand.Met a lady called Deb, in Avon, and before long, we were expecting a child.Debs Mum, did not like me, so, I was back on streets again, and found my way to Hampshire, where I was targeted within fifteen minutes of arriving in So'ton, by a person called Gordon, who accompanied me to where Mum and SF, lived, but any assistance from them, was not forth coming at this time.Later that night, Gordon had made a bed, on floor of his bedsit for me, but as I slept, I awoke to find him behind me. Protecting myself, I managed to make good an exit, and left.The dark days continued, streets, sexual predators, and attention from the Law.Meanwhile, Mum and SF, move to Wales, and now have two children, Gregory, and Claire.Managed to get myself settled, in my twenties, and re newed relationship with Deb, who had now been married, to an abusive husband, who left her, shaken, and in a pile of debt.We both made attempts to contact Mum, and went to see her. While chatting, Greg made reference to trip to India, and laughingly, I related that Mum used to hide her dope on me.Later, Mum, arms wrapped around Greg, asked "Do you still resent Stuart?"I replied, "No."He'd become quite social-able, even charming to me.Deb had shown that forgiveness can be a good thing.As relations with Mum were the priority, seemed right.Communications then were very limited. Any attempt to contact Greg, or Claire, seemed strained, and invariably, we would not receive a reply.Asking how Mum was, went unanswered, phone messages un returned.I inquired if an apology, to SF, from myself, would be appropriate. And in return received unusual responses.Further discussion led me to the belief, that certain key information had been omitted, while other, was being heavily promoted.It became a possibility, that Mum and SF, had not been open, infact quite the opposite.The possibility was, that I was being scapegoated.The feelings over couple of years became over whelming, and I decided to confront SF, by letter. I accused him of being threatening, violent, and hostile, to a mentally ill lady, and young child, and asked if he had a conscience?The reply......Although charming.....stated, that, these were "...just arguments...." And that, my Mum was "being demanding" I was "doing things" and he "did not know what was going on."Also, that yes, these must have been "frightening" .The letter also stated that Mum had been raped at age of four years, by four boys, and suggested Mum had an anxiety disorder.A message was returned, saying how sorry we were to hear this.Thinking, that this is one of the worse things to happen to a person. And offered support.After looking online, the anger displayed by SF, seemed to suggest that he had not lost his temper, rather that anger was/can be a controlling behavior.Also learned that SF, had been employed at a Mental Health organisation.I contacted the medical services, sent SF's employers a letter, giving brief detail, and said that I would attend any interview, or test, to clarify info'.Also contacted police, as per advice on website.Mum phoned me, and said that nothing had ever happened, that all I had related was lies.I asked her to clarify...and after a period, Mum did admit to phone incident.Emails between us, continued with some regularity, although most questions were left un answered. My concern initially was if Mum had any counselling?If not, did she intend to seek any?If cost was a factor, could we contribute?The information online seemed to suggest, that this was a situation, with Childhood abuse/s, Dysfunctional family characteristics, and behaviors that can/are a part of Power and control. At this point, I began to grieve the loss. Eighteen months on,and now fifty years, the head aches, interrupted sleep patterns, and strained communications, led me to the GP's, where counselling was offered.Communications between Laurence, who lives in US, and myself, are minimal.Pete has new relationship, and has spoken..on couple of occasions.Since, it has come to light, that Mum is saying that I am the abusive one, who is always trying to find someone to abuse.Yesterday, I attended first of potentially six to twelve sessions, and was told that next week, material on how to manage, PTSD and LSE. will be introduced.Apologies for long post.Many thanks for reading.