When I was 20 years old, my parents died unexpectedly and I had to shoulder the burden of paying for two houses... which is scary enough if you're in your 30s but I was barely out of my teens and didn't even have a job. I was a college student at the time who worked as a tutor. I had to quit college, work 3 jobs and kill my social life just to survive. I lived in constant fear of homelessness and bankruptcy. But I didn't experience PTSD right away. I went through grief, which is its own process. But I was so busy with "dealing" -- learning about probate, finding jobs, go go go -- I think a lot of the stress hadn't fully impacted me. Now, 4 years later, I have breakdowns. I have vivid dreams that I am being murdered in my own house, so vivid that I can't sleep for nights on end because I'm scared of reliving the dream. I wake up at every little sound. I am always afraid of someone breaking into my house. If I go out with friends, I am constantly afraid of being abducted, injured or murdered. I have mood swings, which is normal for a girl, but sometimes I am overwhelmed with social anxiety and avoid going outside for almost a week straight. I avoid my neighbors and phone calls from friends. I haven't been able to keep a job for more than a year at a time. I recently started dating a new guy, he is very wonderful, but it's been a rollercoaster for me. For instance, when we first met I was almost convinced that he was going to murder me (again with the murder. I don't know where this irrational fear arises, since my parents died of natural causes.) He likes to go surfing and dirt biking, and I am terrified to do both activities because I don't want to be injured. I always thought PTSD was something reserved for abduction survivors or war veterans, but my dreams are so intense, my fears so irrational, my anxiety through the roof and my anti-social behavior on the rise... I'm afraid of where this is leading me. I feel out of control of my life, like I'm becoming more dysfunctional every day and I can't stop it. I've gone to grief counseling but I think I need something a little bit more intense for what I am experiencing now. This only started this year. I don't know what to do. Are there organizations that will help? Therapy? Medication? Please, please help point me in a direction...