You Are Not PtsdI write this from the spiritual approach that I have been following most of my life. I felt the urge to tell you this tonight after watching some videos that helped me a LOT and reminded me that this approach can help - I'm not claiming this is universal truth, it's just one way to deal with PTSD. For me, this works the best when I feel completely "lost" in my own mental anguish, for those times where I feel there is nothing else, and this suffering is all there is right now. It is an approach that I truly believe in, yet sometimes I "forget", and then I have to remind myself of it again. It doesn't have a specific name as far as I know, because this ideology actually exists in a lot of religions and spiritual currents: the idea of Sat Nam, True Self. This idea entails the thought that we are, on the one hand, a person with a name -and on the other, Consciousness. It is the person who has a "disorder", and yet the Consciousness does not. The Consciousness merely observes: it's the "eye of the storm", the silence in the middle of all the turmoil and the emotional anguish. Most of the time, we are not in consciousness: we are not aware, we're living inside our minds. And the mind is exactly that which creates suffering -the fear, the anger, the idea that one will "always be stuck" in a situation. On the other hand, Consciousness knows no suffering -it is just There. Yet most of the time this consciousness is not aware of itself -because we assume we're just the person, nothing more. It is at the point where you realize you already are consciousness, that you have always been consciousness, that you can switch from being just the person (who is afflicted by the disorder) to Being Consciousness. It's pretty much the same principle as Mindfulness training, plus the ideology behind it. For those of you who are interested in this approach, I want to recommend Mooji. I've just recently begun watching his videos and I must say that when I watch them, I feel a lot of delight, and a lot of release of the negativity that I frequently experience. 