I'm posting this so maybe I can get some helpful insight into some one I consider to be a close friend who suffers from PTSD. I'll call her "Lindsey" (fake name). In a nutshell she is living with me and my boyfriend, we have done our best to accommodate her, make her living comfortable and try to remove possible triggers. Everything has been pretty good minus the following issue. Everything seemed to be good with her living her however, she has been very involved in my boyfriends and mine relationship. We do not bicker around her, we take all of our personal problems away from her because we realize it is a bad stress-er and trigger for her. Recently after her commenting on how "jealous" she is of our relationship we have tried to tone down open affection. We have actually had to ask her to stay out of our relationship because she keeps taking it upon herself to be involved in our relationship even though we do all we can to keep our issues, problems, etc. away from her. Basically there is no reason for her to be involved and even after asking her to stay out of it, she keeps involving herself. However, my boyfriend and I ended up bickering a lot because Lindsey keeps telling us that the other one is saying mean comments to her about each other. Well, my boyfriend and I sat down and talked only to realize that everything she keeps telling us is a lie. She has made several malicious, dishonest and down-right backstabbing remarks to both of us behind each others backs with the seeming intent just to hurt us or to cause us to be angry with the other. We have not confronted her yet because I do not know how. We know that personal problems put unnecessary stress on her so when I say we keep our personal problems away from her we really do. At most I might make a comment about "I'm irritated right now at myboyfriend, not you" and that is the extent of it so that she knows I am not mad at her and so that she does not take it on herself. Although she has a habit of sneaking up behind us and standing quietly around a corner, or standing in a room near us when we do bicker, as if she is listening in. She does have a very dysfunctional relationship with a guy that, without fail, every time they see each other he is triggered. What I am wondering is; is this possibly part of her PTSD? Or could it just be something else that sits with her apart from it? The lying and malicious remarks are not okay with me or my boyfriend but as I said, we have not confronted her yet. I am not ashamed that I have a good relationship with my boyfriend but her comments about being "jealous" of it and her going behind our backs that she knows causes us to fight are unnerving. If it could be part of her PTSD, and if any one has any experience with this, what was the best solution? Besides this, as far as I know, she has been a great friend to me and I understand that she can re-act and act irrationally but there needs to be limits and boundaries. I.e. Us keeping her our of our relationship and telling her to stay out of it, but she does not listen. I guess, simply; Help?