Ptsd And TrainingI've done a bit of looking but when I look for information on coping skills for those who consider themselves "athletes" and dealing with PTSD or just mental illness in general I haven't found a lot of information. I'm even a member of a large forum of women who train for triathlons and whne I asked if anyone else dealt with this sort of thing I was greeted with crickets. I know there are other runners and athletes and triathelets in this group. So I will bring my question here. This is the umpteenth time that PTSD has dealt a death blow to my plans to participate in a certain event. Between the sleepless nights and depression and yes, even just an insurmountable fear of of just leaving my house for a few hours to train, I have had to bail on another marathon. I've lost so much training in the last three weeks I can't possibly catch back up. My last long run was 16 miles. I should have been running 19 today. My last run was 6 miles and that was a week ago. I can't even imagine going out to do 3 right now. There's a marathon at the end of April I was going to do. I've offically pulled out. RIght now I have my sights set on a 70.3 in September. I WANT this so badly. It means committing to a regular training schedule 6 days a week and regular sleep and clean eating. I'm excited at the prospect and love the idea of the challenge. What is stopping me is the fear of what will happen if I go through another deep depression or some other ugly trigger than sends me into a downward spirial. I can't actually say I am out of the one I am in. I was hoping that committing to this race would encourage me.The race itself is another matter. I haven't actually been in a race like this in several years. All of my past triathlons have been "time trials" so no mass starts, and it made dealing with swarms of other athletes more managable. The one I am looking at has a mass start for an ocean swim. There's oppertunity for all sorts of triggers. What strategies do you use?How do you keep your training on track when things get really bad? In so many ways this is the worst kind of injury. People understand a bad knee or a rotator cuff injury. They don't understand 'I'm too triggered to ride on a busy highway and too depressed to even ride on the trainer'Thoughts?