I Can't Believe I've Let This Become My LifeI've had one of those weeks. Therapy really triggered me and so I've had a week full of flashbacks, dissociation and the many ocd rituals which dominate my life. Things have calmed down somewhat and so I've had some time to reflect on where I am. Even though I don't agree with the way people treated me in the past, I am responsible for letting their behaviour dominate my life. They probably do not remember me. I probably do not cross their minds. Yet here I am completely immobilised by what they did to me.I realised the other day that I hardly smile anymore. I used to be bubbly and talkative, but now most people describe me as serious and a bit of a control freak and my social skills are shockingly poor now. I don't recognise myself anymore. I'm stuck and I'm not sure where to go. Everyday is just full of self abuse and futile attempts to control my world and for 7 years I have tried and tried and tried, but I haven't budged. They don't even remember my name and I've let them take my life.Sometimes I don't believe that this is trauma, because to admit that they've had any effect on me angers me, but on days like today I can't ignore, or deny the fact that I feel a part of me has been stolen. It's bizarre though, to think that the rest of the world can hurt you, just because a few people did. I feel pathetic for being affected. I don't admit that I have PTSD to anyone. I'm ashamed that I've let it control me. I've trapped myself in a cage of avoidance and I'm starting to doubt that even my therapist can help me get out. I've created this life I now live and only I can change it. I hate the fact that this will most likely effect me for the rest if my life. I hate the fact that I've been fighting this for 7 years with so little progress. I've set a thousand goals and I'm still nowhere near meeting them. Everyone else is moving on with their lives and I have been trapped for the last 7 years failing repeatedly.Sorry, this is just a rant. Perhaps I should start a journal on here. Just needed to get it out. It's been a tough week.