I would like to start off with a bit of background on myself (just to show that even the most severe can get through it.) My PTSD came about from 9 years of gang rape and physical abuse by my father and his friends. I remember it very clearly, and they started when I was very young so I always thought it was normal. For years after it stopped (I lost contact with my father) I walked around not knowing anything was wrong. I was angry, emotionally numb most of the time, I had nobody to talk to because I just didn't trust anyone, even my family. I went through years of self harm and drinking/drugs thinking that it was the thing to do as a teenager, little bit I know that I was still suffering from the abuse. I locked it away in my head so well that I didn't think about it, except for the flashbacks and nightmares and the floods of emotions and extreme mood swings. Now I look back, I can see that I was in desperate need of help. By the time I was 13 I had 4 breakdowns where I couldn't cope and tried to take my own life without knowing why. My brain didn't want to let me know. I started realising that I needed help when I met my partner who I have been with for 3 years now. I realised how messed up I really was and after a while, I took the biggest step I could imagine and went to the doctors. Within a week I was in counselling, on anti-depressants and had a whole support network. I am now 7 months down the line of my treatment and I have never felt better. I wish I had done this sooner. My lifestyle now is so much better that I can now think about what happened and not get really upset. Yes, I still get upset, but I have come so far to know that I can control it. I never ever thought I would get to this point. I am now closer to my family, I have more support than I can imagine and I couldn't be happier. There is a future. You just need to take the first step. Even you being on this forum is a HUGE step. It is hard at first, extremely hard but after a while it does get easier, there may be times that you think you have failed and are back at square 1, but let me tell you. It's normal. Just look around at who is there for you, even if you have no family or friends. The doctors are there. I now cry with happiness when I think about what I have achieved. I hope you can get there.