Publishing My StoryHi guys so it feels like my mind is flowing with creative ideas at the moment so i was thinking of putting it to use and putting pen to paper and maybe even publishing my own story of PTSDin the future. So heres what iv wrote so far..Any feedback good or bad would be appreciated.....I was always that child who was that little bit different from all the other kids. Slightly taller slightly awkward and naive but never differernt in a strange way more like a lost little puppy you want to take under your wing kind of way. I had an aura about me that radiated warmthend and kindness and i was never short of friends. I remember never taking life to seriously and always laughing and looking on the bright side. I remember being very creative with words from a young age and one of my favourite things I liked to do was write poetry( which to my delight has been rekindled as of lately but will get back to that later..I remember writing a poem beyound my years when i was roughly about 8 called something along the lines of "Buy me that Magazine"I can briefly remember some of the verses which went a little like Please Please Buy me that magazineAll my friends will be so greenAnd my teacher who i remember wore a tweed suit and big glasses and was a bit of a victor meldew type of guy wrote underneath its not smart to copy other peoples poems Kerry which i was cross at the time but i see as a compliment now.Another teacher in secondary school suggusted for me to write short storeis for magazines after i finished school asat that age roughly around age 15 ( i say roughly alot as my memory is like a thick disorted cloud from around those times and its only recently coming back in fragments due to the that bigfat elephant in the corner ptsd which saddenly i never took on board due to my life from that time to the present day being a whirlwind whch im only to this day starting to piece together and regain clairty.But there is light at the end of the tunnel guys im starting to feel normalagain normal you say define normal? normal to me is how i felt before the sexual assaults which then enspired my arch enemy mr ptsd to latch on to me like a blood sucking leach. that free spirit who was confident had high self esteem and always looked at the world through a positive rsnpective. Not than post assualt girl who turned from a sensible girl fun loving typical girly 15 year old to a alcohol drinking school bunking risk taking rebellionus nightmare almost overnight. You know athe movie beauty and the beast? You see the container with the rose in that slowly iwitts away well thats what reminds me of myself and that point of my life. Sadly i just couldt see what i was doing to myself. i believed i was fine and everyone else had the problem. Instead i was on self destruct and only i could save myself from the mess my life had become.