ÊTraumatized by lifeHi allI want to start by excusing my grammar, but English is not my native language so bear with me.I am 47yrs old woman and I am dealing with post traumatic disorder, but my life is just a one big mess of the effects of my traumatic life events that has happened to me.I«ve been reading so much on these forums here since I«ve joined and all of a sudden I wanted to share with you the trauma that has affected my life and change me in so many ways.ÊHopefully someone reads this but if not then just writing about it has helped me.I am shaped more from the pieces of these events than from anything else that has happened.I lived in a very small town with only around 1000 residents and I was born and raised there and all my family, both on my mother and father's side is from this town.My childhood was bright, secure and happy, until I was nearly 12yrs old then my father who was a fisherman on his own boat but he was one of six crew members on board.They were on their way home after a fishing trip, but then something happened to the boat and ships near by got an emergency call from them where someone called "come immediately we are sinking" and within 4 minutes from the that call the boat disappear on the radar.They all died this night and the remains and during a long and big search only the remains of one of them was found but they never found my father.Every single person in the town was in a state of disbelief over what has happened.Sometimes when trying to escape my grief during this time I found it hard to flea even for few minutes, but all this grieve around me made it impossible.I could feel and see how deeply people empathized with me and everybody were grieving the loss of these men and the town was in a state of shock for a long time.The year went by and I can hardly remember much of this winter.when a year had passed my mother met a new man and fell in love with himHe was a lawyer and he was from the city which was quite far away.I had only been to the city twice in these 13 years I had lived.16 months after the death of my father we moved to the city, leaving it all behind.My mother was also born and raised in this town and had lived there all her life but she was 39 years old.My life were there as well also all my friends .Everything I had and everything I had ever known was gone.She stayed with him for three years and in constant fear, he was more drunk than sober and sometimes many weeks in a row and I had to call the police often because he was hitting my mother.I was transformed from the innocent sweet girl into a wild, traumatized uncontrollable teenage girl at this point in my life.After they seperated, we stayed in the city and we never moved back home, our life was a complete opposite of all we had ever known.I was 17yrs old when I fell in love with a very good boy and I started a relationship with him and then 7 months later we got into a horrible car accident .In the car with me and him were three of his best friends.One of them died in this crash and my boyfriend which drove the car was so injured that he is paralysed for life the other two had broken bones and other severe injury.I did not get any visible scratches, but mentally I was very hurt, I was with conscious at the scene of the accident and saw all the horror it contained.The year went by and I was a nervous wreck with all kinds of symptoms of traumatic stress disorder and it took a long time to heal if it ever did.When I was nearly 19yrs old I was asked by a model agency to compete in some modelling competition that would give the winner of it a contract with one of the best model agencies in ParisI had never thought about a modelling career that was more of a city girl type of dream.I went into this modelling competition mostly because of the outside pressure from from family and friends and to my surprise, I won the competition, which meant that I had now a modeling contract with this agency in Paris.I had never been abroad before, so everything about this scared me.And within 2 months I was on my way to Paris and again everything was strange and different from what I«ve known before.I was all alone with my broken soul in a desperate need of some kind of help.This carrier lasted two years before I gave up because I hated this work and never learned to like it and also this was so much struggle and I was so broken and so lost in my life. These two years stripped me of all of the little security I had left inside me.ÊI cried myself to sleep nearly every night.At this point my life I overstepped a threshold regarding traumatic events in my life so far.I was so afraid and insecure that I began to build up a personality inside me to protect and defend me.ÊThis personality I made up inside me (behavior describes it better) was not as innocent and scared as I was and it stayed with me for the next 20 years and caused me a lot of trouble, I tried to stop it both by myself and with help from psychiatrists but without success, it was like I had no control over this, then all of a sudden 20 years later I stopped unconsciously and didn«t notice it until later.To end this now so I won't take up more of your time then I have been dealing with many other serious matters some related to this behaviour I took up for these 20 years but there is one matter that I like to add to this because it affected me so much and for so long and that is my childless life and marriage, but I could not have children and no one knows why I tried for 20 years before I had to give up.Having a child was my life desire, this was my number one in life. How was I going to live without this I asked myself, but I didn«t know.I had 2 ectopic pregnancies and the first one nearly killed me and two unsuccessful IVF treatments.Three years ago I knew I had now only two options left and either I had to accept the fact of never having children and keep on living or spend the rest of my life bitter about this.So I stopped hoping.Somehow I have accepted this at least I think so or perhaps I just suppressed it deep down, but it feels like I have made some kind of peace with this.I also lost during this time all connections with my friends when they started their family, it felt like I didn«t fit in anymore and I am sure that they felt it too so we drifted apart.This is just the highlights of my life and the trauma I have faced, I will always deal with the implications because of this, cause this has shaped me to what I am today and what am I? I don«t know, maybe I am just a big tangle from the crisis in my lifeÊI just wanted to share this with someone, somewhere, but I wished I could have expressed myself better, but I don't want to have this too long and again the language makes it harder for me as well.But just to share this even though no one will read this made me reflect deeper about this and also crying my eyes out and that always helps.Thank you very much for your time and your interest in my life story.I have never posted about this online apart from my childless life to get support and I think that it has something to do with writing and expressing myself in another language but somehow I felt a strong need to share this here.