PTSD after childbirthPosted over a year agoIn 2004 I had a very traumatic experience when my son was born. I had a caesarian section which was followed by a short and sharp bleed. I suffered kidney failure and needed to be respirated, whilst my blood failed to clot and had to be replaced over and over again. I was in intensive care for a week and meanwhile my son was diagnosed with hirschsprungs disease and had to go to a separate hospital for an emergency operation - we were separated for the first 3 weeks of his life. Noone seems quite sure exactly what happened to me, I may have had an amniotic fluid embolism (this was the working diagnosis at the time), bad surgical bleed leading to complications or some kind of allergic reaction. Nevertheless I was extremely lucky to survive. My son is now about to turn 4 and has been very poorly since he was 2 - he seems unable to toilet train his bowels which is due to his condition. I am thinking about whether to have another baby and that seems to have triggered a worsening reaction to my original trauma. I have nightmares about things that terrify me and flashbacks where I imagine myself back in Intensive Care. I have problems concentrating at work, get distracted and seem to have little motivation in general. I am lucky enough to be getting treatment from a Clinical Psychologist who thinks I have a mixture of PTSD, post natal depression and anxiety caused by work-life balance issues and being my son's main carer. I have recently become unable to work, barely able to function at all even at home. I have never felt so bad in my whole life. My head is so mixed up and confused, I seem to have just \&quot;lost it\&quot; completely. I seem to need so much sleep (thankfully the nightmares are lessening, so is what I'm going through now a good thing?). I can only hope that with my psychologist and the support of my GP and employer, I can somehow find my way back to some kind of normality and put things back together again. It feels so hard right now though and I really don't know how I'm going to achieve it.