 World War Two .....Ever thought about it ....? My parents lived through it. My Dad fought through it. That generation's slowly and quietly peeling away now, of course. Another decade and they'll be hard to find.But, to those of us now in our fifties, or older? They were our parents. And, how the hell did they do it?First world war? Crack up and they shot ye. Viet Nam? The penny dropped and they realised personal experiences of abject horror could mess with ye mind. In between times though? WW2? Ye just got demobbed and went home. Faaaark!!! Just think about that for a minute, eh? No One offered ye counselling or medication. No one even had the slightest concept of how ye brain might have been boiling inside ye head. Ye just came home and had to carry on.Oh; And ye wife hadn't seen ye for maybe six years. Ye kids may Never have any recall of having seen ye. They were babies when ye left to do ye bit. Now, here ye are:Ye mind's doing back flips, screaming as it does. Ye kids are horrified that this 'Stranger' has suddenly walked into their lives and is ordering them around. Ye wife, who's had to do Everything. Play every role the household threw up, for Six Years, is now expected to step down and let the man of the house take over his proper role. Just like that.And that's you. And ye have PTSD. But, no such thing even exists. So ye just have ye own head to deal with. The mood swings. The flash backs. The screwing ye eyes up and turning ye face away as ye mindScreams in torment of the relived horrors!But, Men didn't cry, in those days. Men 'Pulled themselves together'. Men 'Carried On'. And let's not ignore the women. They brought their children through rationing. Bombing. Isolation. Day in, day out, monumental pressures. And, by christ; They became our Parents! How in hell did they just put up with what they must have been going through? And remember; All they'd have understood of it was that some heavy shit was going down inside their heads.Amazing. Thought provoking. Humbling.I raise a Large glass of purest, undilutedRespect to their generation If, like me, ye have any interest in that aspect of stuff? Ask google for " Demobbed: Coming Home After World War Two ", by Alan Allport.