don't know how to get through to my partner aboutbeby crustydiamon » Sun Apr 27, 2014 11:37 pmMr partner and I have an amazing relationship, one that would most be envious of. However, I'm a former heavy drug user of a decade, former prostitute, violent rape survivor, and extreme domestic abuse survivor, as well as infertile(severely affects my ability to feel like a complete woman). I just started hypnotherapy as a last resort as every other method only goes so far.I'll get scared, have random triggers, get overly emotional, ball up and freeze, you know how it goes.He gets upset when I can't talk. His own issues make it seem to him that I'm ignoring him, being disrespectful to his feelings, purposefully making things worse and difficult. These instances are few and far between, but so terribly detrimental and I'm afraid it will be more abundant as I go through this therapy. Today was a bad day, we parted ways without even a kiss, which was a first in almost a year. I feel like sometimes I should leave him, become my own burden, for his sake. I just don't think it's necessary, I don't think it's the right answer.He's a bit stubborn, though I love him for that in many respects, but I begged him to educate himself with what PTSD is, what being a survivor of abuse means. He insists he knows what it is already and what it means, but I forced him to agree to read some articles and I did send him a few which he has yet to get to today.I can't be the only one in this predicament. What can I do to help him? What can I possibly do to keep things healthy and supportive? I've never feared losing someone so much in my life and here I am thinking about doing just that out of my own volition, to protect him.What can I do for him? Therapy for him is a sensitive subject, it's not really a choice he's going to make easily, if at all. So what else is there?He's my only support, which is a heavy burden, how can I show him that I know the sacrifices he makes? And that it still somehow isn't enough.. I moved 1200 miles from all of my friends and family to continue my healing process, I never considered the severe lack of support I would endure.Someone just tell me something, please, I'm so heart broken, I don't want to push him away thinking he will be better off.. I would just do that with anyone I might have a future with.