Leaving Your History Behind?Recently I've had a lot of transitions going on - I finally moved out of my mother's house, so I'm once again out from the house where so much of the abuse happened. As you all know, we with PTSD have a way of going numb while we're in the danger zone, and it's only when we're somewhat safe that all of the trauma and fear starts coming to the surface, so recently it feels like all sorts of things from my history are coming to the forefront. Combined with some serious family drama, I've been feeling like all I have in me is my history. All I can think about, the only way I know how to define myself is by what's happened for me. But in reality, that's not truly all there is, right?I moved into a cute little apartment in a nice neighborhood where I can walk to this beautiful downtown area, which I've been doing in the afternoons after work. I just graduated with honors after 7 years of working to finish my Bachelor's degree. I have a job I love, where the people are kind and the environment is relaxed. I volunteer with a lot of empathetic, thoughtful people at a crisis center. I have an amazing group of friends, a writing group and a gaming group that meet up regularly, and so, so many people who love me. Recently, my best friend and I transitioned from an intimate friendship to more-than-friendship, and things are so absolutely wonderful. It's a kind and supportive partnership, and while he knows about my history and we talk about it regularly, he doesn't define me by it. If I look at my life, and what it looks like now, it's so freaking beautiful.And yet all I can see is my history. It's such a shame - I would give anything to let it go, but I don't know how to be anything other than the trauma survivor. I don't know how to find peace in the peacefulness. I feel comfortable in conflict - but that's not what I want anymore. I've spent so long surviving that I don't even have the slightest idea how to live. It's like my brain is so stuck in the past that I don't know how to look toward the future.Does anyone else have that experience? And if so, do you have any tips? I honestly feel so privileged to have so much beauty in my life after so many years of sadistic abuse and violence, and I want to be able to trust and cherish it, not run away from feeling good