Ê(Trigger Warning) How to Deal With This Situation? (Trigger Warning)In case you missed it in the thread title:TRIGGER WARNINGI'm new here, so for those who aren't aware, I'm 29, male, bipolar 1, and PTSD. Currently medicated with Lithium 900 mg, Prazosin 4 mg, and Vistaril 100 mg (all daily). What I will describe below will be a vague description of sexual trauma that happened to me as a child. By now, those who need to should have had time to bail out on this thread, so let's get into it.I was six years old when a female relative of mine--several years older but still a child at the time--exposed herself to me, prompted me to expose myself, and encouraged mutual fondling. No intercourse took place, but this scenario occurred from the time I was six to the time I was approximately twelve years old. Two years later, I became involved in a pornography addiction that went from Victoria's Secret catalogs and websites to hardcore BDSM within a week. In the years since, my addiction has explored more severe, deviant behavior that I'd rather not describe here.My therapist and I began my treatment in March; I was diagnosed and medicated in early May after being hospitalized (voluntarily) for mania with homicidal ideations (images without intent or desire to act on them). I have told my therapist about a few incidents in my childhood where other children touched me, though it was decidedly non-sexual in nature and was likely an issue of kids not understanding boundaries.I want to tell my therapist about these incidents, but I am still close to the female (in a strictly platonic way) who engaged me in these encounters. I can omit enough information that she would be safe from any legal investigation, but I don't want to omit information necessary for my therapist to help me. I feel that the first of these incidents is vital to the beginning of my PTSD, and these encounters explain why I have certain unusual triggers.How do I tell my therapist? What do they need to know about what happened?