Repulsed By Normal Affection Between Adult And Non-adultsI say "non-adults" because this disgust has extended to affection toward dogs. That's right. I am a total dog lover. But dogs. Also dogs. Let me explain.I developed what I imagined to be a normal distaste for kissing my parents when I was around puberty. This has now developed to the point where just typing the phrase "kissing my parents" makes me want to vomit all over my keyboard. As a footnote, my primary trauma was sibling incest, not parental incest.I first noticed how bad it was getting through media depictions of parents kissing their children on the lips. It just horrified me. It sent shivers through my body and made me want to crawl out of my skin. It made me want to scream. I would be mortified.In real life, seeing these displays of affection between parents and their children is even worse. I just want to separate them.And then, I don't know when, but hearing my fiance kiss one of the dogs on the nose or head just sent me right into the same exact frenzy as seeing this on television/in film. It's a really particular sound. I will give cartoonish smooches to the dog, but the sound his lips make somehow sounds extremely intimate to me.And this is really the crux of it. It's okay if a parent kisses their child on the cheek with a big smacking noise. You know the one. You purse your lips, form a vaccuum, and it makes that Looney Tunes kiss sound. On a child's lips (even a baby), it still freaks me out, but it's not as terrible a reaction.But this awful, tender, gentle kissing noise makes me want to hurl. It makes me want to hit something. It makes me want to just disappear in a puff of flames--combust on the spot.There's a specific movie where it's just the worst. I think it's The Green Lantern. It's a scene where the father/protagonist comes home, and his son (who looks about ten years old) is sitting at a table or something, and the father comes up behind him and gently gives him [what I perceive to be] a prolonged kiss, lets his lips sit there, sniffs the boy's hair, and kisses his head again in the same way. Holy shit, just writing about it makes me want to flip the f*ck out. It makes me angry and disgusted and terrified. I can feel panic and rage rising in my chest and throat as I type this. I cannot stand that scene.I become extremely irritable when my fiance does this with the dogs. I know it's all just appropriate ways of expressing love and affection, but it totally bugs me out. But how the hell do I explain that shit?Worse, everyone in my family is now having babies. And so people are kissing the babies' lips. And I just want to snatch the baby away from them.I never ever want to kiss these kids' lips. I don't care how much I love them. It scares the shit out of me to even think about, and it just sounds so f*cking wrong to me. I think of kissing a baby as akin to smacking it. It does not register to me as affection or love or something that is a normal impulse. I think it sounds sick and damaging and horrible, even though this isn't the case, and I know that rationally it is probably okay and maybe even healthy. But why the lips, people? And the sound. I'll never produce that sound. That sound is the sound of intimacy as far as I am concerned.And I'm constantly thinking, if I have children, will I have this compulsion to kiss their lips? Can I have kids if my version of showing them affection is a cartoonish kiss on the head, or kissing my hand and placing the hand on their cheek?I am so completely disgusted by this, and I just don't know where it comes from or how to cope.