Depths Of Human Hate, Jealousy And The Need For Competition...This is the topic that has been bothering my for years but I never started realising things until last week and in fact today that I decided to create a thread.There are many reasons people hate one another or jealous each other or even feel the urge to out-do the other person just to prove that they are better than them. Some people spread rumors about other people just to feel better about themselves while others step on other people to climb up the ladder... and here I am thinking and asking questions like "Why???"I don't think there is anything wrong with healthy competition but that competition doesn't have to be there to just feel that you are better than someone else.Anyway let's not get off topic. Here is the real deal:1. I've been observing some people's behavior at work where they think that they are always right and are very controlling. Then there is this woman who hates everyone at work and everything has to be done her way or else it is "piece of shit". Then there is the one other woman who has been telling me to quit my job because she thinks that is not the right place for me. I mean I didn't ask for her advice but I got given advises and she herself thinks that it's not a very great job. Then why on earth is she with that company?2. I went to this bank today and the teller I was talking to was back-bitching about the assistant manager and actually calling him "dumb"!!! I mean excuse me!! You are telling your client that your assistant manager is "dumb" and what impact will it have on your bank reputation let alone your own reputation? You are complaining to a stranger about someone you probably know better than this stranger. Btw this assistant manager does seem a bit up-tight, but that does not make him dumb or anything. I did give it a thought whether I need to believe in this or not but then I can't be that stupid believing in her words about someone I don't even know about. She said that he got promoted because he was "the manager's favourite". There could be couple of reasons behind it: a) she is jealous of his progress or b) He is quite attractive and she couldn't get him so she's probably taking her revenge this way or c) some other reason or d) she maybe right (I doubt) and I could be assuming things.Ê3. This is the big one: yes, it's about my family again. I am now coming to realise that all that self-hate that is filled in me was because of my relatives own insecurities and jealously towards me for being a high achiever. So in order to feel good about themselves they had to lower my self-esteem and self-worth so that they can feel better about themselves.If you have further views on this please feel free to share them. Lastly, please move this thread if you think it's under wrong section. Thank you.