ÊOpening up.. A can of worms?Sorry this might be a long read.I thought I would just share my experiences, hopefully finding someone who can relate. Maybe someone who can explain why I reacted the way I did, I don't know, I feel like my past hasn't been put to rest, maybe opening up to strangers could help.ÊI grew up in a family where both parents were alcoholics, I have deeply scarring memories of the police being round constantly and hearing my mum screaming for help. But she would always be taken away.As a little girl I was very shy and timid and didn't know what to do in these situations but beg my parents to split up. Not many children want their parents to, but I did. As alcoholics, they could be very abusive towards me, calling me names to physical abuse.Any way things ended badly and my mum was taken away for 9 months, through my birthday and Christmas. I was surrounded by social services, and wasn't going to school because everyone was talking about me and my family.ÊI was bullied terribly and people kept asking me about "what actually happened".Not only that I was an early developer and had terrible acne, and was bullied for being fat when I was "shapely". My family were poor and I was ridiculed for that.ÊSwimming was an issue and the teacher was awful to me about why I wouldn't go swimming, and I wonder why...I was very withdrawn and depressed. Kids can be so evil.On the other side, I gained attention from older guys, who I wanted to impress by being "promiscuous" and trying to gain their attention that way, because my looks and crazy/quiet personality didn't do it for them.ÊI remember becoming withdrawn again, feeling even more insecure. I was still getting bullied for the reasons above, plus being a "slut".I just wanted to shut myself off from the world, and literally became a hermit for about two years, doing absolutely nothing apart from obsessing over my looks. I would scrub my face trying to get rid of my acne and starve myself. Makeup would take me hours to do and would always end in a hissy fit trying to get it right. I was diagnosed with "BDD". And put on anti depressants.ÊAfter a good few years, I started to feel lonely.I started talking to some "friends" from the past, one day and started hanging around with them, they were into drugs and alcohol, therefore I got into that. Although my first drink was at 10 after stealing my mums vodka.ÊI become very and I mean very crazy after doing drugs an drinking. And angry and suicidal, everyone thought I was bipolar, but I knew I wasn't, it was the drugs. I was loosing weight and literally looked like a tramp. A homeless person. Things got so bad I knew I was either going to end up in jail, hospital or dead. One day I took an over dose and self harmed badly after a heavy night, and had to be restrained. After that I remember waking up, puking my guts out in hospital.ÊI decided to stop all of it. Absolutely stop. Stop being with these people, who were abusive, and the reason I got so wound up. But I can't blame them for being abusive.. I was crazy, and out of order, and my actual true friends had had enough of me.I became withdrawn again, and I replaced alcohol and heavy drugs for cannabis, I was again a hermit for another year.One day I was offered the chance to go study. I was totally sure I wasn't going to do this. I can tell you, it was the best opportunity I took up, boys loved me, I mean like really wanted to date me! I was respected by the girls in my class and even the teachers. I was so happy and felt the most stable in a long time that I could even come off my tablets.ÊRight.After college a lot of my problems went away, apart from getting into a crap job which I obviously no longer work at! I've had a few "episodes" since then, but when I was younger everything just happened all at once.ÊI could go on, but I don't want to go into too much detail about certain things. They are just too graphic and I'm just too ashamed to mention.ÊAnyway, I now have a wonderful boyfriend, a beautiful home and my dream job. I mean, I have everything I wanted. I'm into meditation and have become a spiritual person after my experiences. But I can't get over it. I cannot, I get flash backs still, and nightmares. I guess sometimes trauma in childhood can really affect adulthood.