Ê*Trigger Warning* Introduction/My life storyHello,As you've most likely already guessed my name is Adam, I'm 19 and I can honestly say I'm yet to have a year which I can truly say that I've been happy.I'm not yet diagnosed with PTSD but having spoken with a Councillor I've been informed that I display several symptoms of PTSD as well as other anxiety disorders.I've decided that I'd share on here due to me having one of my 'bad' days (if you can call 6:30am day) which in turn has left me unable to sleep yet again.I'm sorry for such a long 'intro' post, I don't expect anyone to read it fully, just the thought of being able to tell someone my life with complete anonymity makes me happy enough.To start off I'll talk about my mum, the only person in my life who I can say has always been there for me and asked for nothing in return, even if it doesn't feel like that at times.Throughout the years I've basically lost/pushed everyone close to me away due to me fearing emotional attachments to people and even when I've been difficult to love as a child/person my mum has always been there, offering to listen and help in any way she can.. Whether or not I share is a completely different story. My mum blames herself for my life which in turn leaves her emotionally weak in terms of my feelings, if I ever display how I'm feeling it upsets her which in turn leaves me having to keep everything 'bottled up' which you can only do for so long until you explode, and even then when I'm at my lowest/worst I still have to keep everything to myself.The part that my mum blames herself most for is my dad, for the first 9 years of my life we lived with him and he wasn't a nice person to say at the least. There was forever hostility in the household due to there being a lot of domestic violence, which not only ended at my mum but me too.My dad was a very controlling person, all it would take to 'set him off' would be 1 word or comment that he didn't like and you'd get a smack. I have memories of him breaking my mum's nose because she threw an already broken remote control out and because I tried to stop him repeatedly hitting my mum the attention was diverted to me which resulted in me getting the belt, which wasn't uncommon. On more than one occasion my back and bum was left blue with bruising because it was never left at one smack or one hit with the belt, if I shouted I'd get hit, if I cried I'd get hit, if my mum tried to stop him we'd both get hit.On one occasion I went 'too far' away from the house which resulted in me getting dragged back to the house and when I got to the front door my collar was released which left me feeling relieved until he then grabbed my hair and proceeded to slap me.Around 2 years ago I was at my worst, I was having what I can only describe as a video being played back in my head of me running into the bathroom after hearing my mum screaming only to find my dad trying to drown her in the bath, and there was many more memories very similar, some of which I was the victim other times my mum.The hold my dad had over me and my mum extended so badly that I was given a phone at the age of 7 for when I was playing out in the park across the road from the house or playing in a friends house so my mum could call me telling me to run back home because my dad was on his way home or in case I ever had to call the police.Throughout the 9 years of us living with my dad we moved several times while he was in work to my Nan and Grandad's house only to be told after a couple of weeks that we weren't welcome there, and that my mum had to pick herself and her 'f***** up' kids and get out.During the time we spent living with my Nan and Grandad they'd regularly get drunk to the extent that they'd forget to cook for us and due to my mum working night shifts, she wasn't there to cook for us and expected her own Mum and Dad to care for her children. When I told my mum they denied it, told my mum that I'm a liar and that I was 'screwed up' and needed to see a councilor, there was once a comment made that I must have been 'hit pretty hard in the head' for me to come up with such apparently 'fictitious' events. At this point my mum started preparing meals for me and my sister before she left for work, due to her having no alternative, with rent and bills to pay as a single parent working part time she couldn't afford a child minder and she had no friends.While my Nan and Grandad looked after us my Grandad would regularly hit my Nan when they got drunk and I often got threatened with a punch or a smack if I told anyone. At one point my Grandad told me that I'm 'just like my dad' and 'I'll never be any better than him' because I told him that a man doesn't hit a woman.Jumping forward a few years, when I was 10 my mum her now ex fiance which was quite alien to me, I wasn't used to having a man around the house who offered to take me to school, cook me meals, looked after my mum and most importantly to me, made her smile. It had been so long since I saw a smile on my mum's face, a genuine one which displayed that she was finally happy and free, she could finally be herself without worrying when the next smack was going to come.ÊMy sister didn't have the same outlook on the situation as me, she started going to my Nan and Grandad telling them that we had pinned her to the bed and beaten her, yet there was no bruises and they believed her. She even said that my mum's ex had intentionally walked in on her getting changed out of her uniform which was impossible due to us getting home from school at the same time. I would have been in the house as well so I would know.I'd finally felt like my life was finally stabilizing, I was content with life. My mum was happy and we were safe, or so I thought.ÊMy sister proceeded to tell lies to my family which resulted in everyone stopping talking to me and my mum and my sister leaving us to move in with my Nan and Grandad, as well as causing numerous threats to be given and a lot of hostility, I could walk down the street and see my Nan, Grandad, Auntie or Uncle and they'd look right through me when I've always been a innocent bystander getting caught in the crossfire.At this point my existence was not only irrelevant to my own father but to my sister and my whole family. My sister who I used to protect and comfort while she cried at the sounds of my mum screaming and crying had now turned against me.After 4 years of my family not speaking to me and my mum, they finally got in touch, but for different reasons than I had expected. My sister called telling us that my nan was going to kick her out and she had no where to go because they had an argument, and due to her being my sister and my mother's daughter, we took her back forgiving her of everything she had done. During this time my mum started speaking to the rest of my family again for what I can only assume was for my sake, to give me something I had been lacking my whole life.Throughout the time of me and my mum speaking to my family we were told numerous lies that my sister had told about us, ranging from me pinning her to the bed and beating her up on several occasions to my mum apparently being suicidal and claiming she wasn't a fit parent, when one thing I can't call my mum for is her capacity to love and care for her children.The lies worked both ways, my sister told us lies that my family had been telling about me and my mum, that my mum's ex had apparently been molesting me, beating me up and that my mum apparently had a string of partners. This went on for near enough 2 years.After 4 years of not having to deal with constant chaos, it had all started again. The lies and trouble had gone to the extent where I was trying to play the peace keeper, attempting to salvage an already broken family at the expense of no one other than myself. I was paid no gratitude, only abuse. My mum started arguing with my Nan again which then resulted in them hurling abuse at me, the person who sacrificed his own happiness in hope of everyone else's.ÊMy mum now had to make the hardest decision that a mother could make, keep my sister under her roof where she would have ended up getting someone sent to prison with the lies she was telling or tell her that she had to leave but she'd find her a flat and pay her rent.ÊUpon hearing the news, my Nan and Grandad jumped at the chance to take her in providing they got the rent to which my sister happily agreed to. They'd went from enemies to rejoining forces if you wish, attempting to destroy both mine and my mother's lives. My sister was nearly 18 at this point.After having no choice but to tell my sister she was no longer welcome in our house my mum suffered with severe depression, she'd often get abusive texts and phone calls from my Nan and sister which after a while left her suicidal.ÊOn 3 occasions my mum left the house in hope of me not chasing her with intentions of never coming back, when finally getting her back into the house I'd find notes left for me, telling me her credit card pin number and that she'd left everything to me and that she was sorry.ÊNo beating off my dad, with or without the belt could compare to the pain that I felt during those weeks, the one person in my life I thought would always be there for me, the strongest person I've ever met had been left so heart broken, feeling so responsible for my life, she thought that everyone would be better off without her.At this point I was too afraid to sleep in fear that my mum wouldn't be there when I woke up, I made excuses to stay off school because I was too scared that she wouldn't be there when I got home. I thought I knew fear when living with my dad, but physical pain can't compare to the unimaginable pain I was feeling. The thought of the person I idolize, respect and would put before myself in any situation, the person who I can honestly say to this very day I would die for, was being taken away from me.I was 16 at this point, my mum's ex had made no attempt to comfort her due to him not getting on with my sister but instead was blunt telling her that she 'should have known better' and to 'stop feeling sorry for herself' as well as being told to 'get on with her life.'During this time in my life I was also diagnosed with mild scoliosis and Fibromyalgia which no matter how often people told me it wasn't that bad, it left a broken and incomplete person feeling even emptier than he did before.After feeling like I could potentially get on with my life, feeling some stability, it had all been taken away.Ê1 year later my mum found out she was pregnant, which to me was good news due to her being happy. After my little brother being born my mum's ex turned from the once loving and caring man he was to a emotionally withdrawn, short fused and verbally abusive man. On countless occasions I went to intervene in their arguments only for my mum to beg me not to get involved, I'd go back to my bedroom only to hear the same thing I heard 8 years ago, my mum crying, her ex shouting telling her that she's stupid and worthless and throughout that time, I felt like the scared and helpless little boy again.When my little brother was born my mum's ex was doing a PHD, so he didn't have a lot of free time but with the small amount of free time he did have he'd pay no attention to my little brother. Infact, I'd go as far as saying that for the first 2 years of his life I was more of a father to him, me being his brother.A couple of months after my little brother's 2nd birthday my mum and her ex broke up, which left him and his brother attempting to threaten my mum, telling her that she had no chance of keeping my little brother due to her suffering with anxiety. They told her that she's mentally unfit and can't look after herself let a lone her kids. My mum begged me not to get involved due to her fearing the outcome if I did.After going through court my mum has permanent residency for my little brother, his dad only having him every weekend until he joins nursery.My mum has now found a nice man who has done wonderful things for 5 unfortunate children. Despite him not being my dad, when he can tell I'm upset or I'm having a bad day he'll insist on me going somewhere just so we can go for a drive and he can talk to me, he'll take me for something to eat, make sure I know that despite how alone in this world I feel I'm not really as well as him being great with my little brother and my mum.Due to me suffering with Fibromyalgia and according to my councilor PTSD I've dropped out of college twice due to me not being able to stick to anything as well as me lacking the motivation or see any potential in my future.If I was asked to explain how I'm feeling right this minute I'd have to say that I feel like an empty shell of a person, my ability to display feelings towards others was destroyed by those who are supposed to love and comfort me, as well as me feeling unlovable. I struggle to see what anyone would see in me, I'm registered as having a disability, I can't talk to new people and I lack the ability to get close to anyone as well as me feeling like a bystander in a world that's moving faster than I am.