Nervous tic appeared right when i thought i was doing goodby daisy927 » Mon May 04, 2015 4:51 pmHey everyone.I have been through my fair share of crap, was molested when i was 4, lived alone with my abusive alcoholic mother from 6-14, two suicide attempts, was in an abusive live-in relationship, with a guy who hit me, raped me, controlled my every move and sometimes would even lock me in the house. He also threatened countless times to kill my cat. We were together for three years, broken up for almost two. In september last year he raped me again.$#%^ really hit the fan after that, i was housebound for a long time, i had nightmares every time i went to sleep, flashbacks, became slightly catatonic, i guess you could call that dissociation. It's something i've done since i was a kid, i drift off to another world, unaware of what's going on in the present. When i was a kid i had a whole different life in my mind. But that's for another day. I have always been easily startled, but it has gotten ALOT worse. I will literally jump at the slightest noise, and i've yelled on occasion if someone touches me when im not expecting it. I also can't handle people screaming around me, i just feel like i have to run away and will sometimes hold my head and close my eyes if something really intense is happening around me (someone angry or arguing or someone really excited). I also dont really talk to anyone. Just my parents and that's because i have to. I have a few close friends, that have been my friends for many years but they are all living abroad at the moment, which helps my isolation. Im rambling im sorry.What i mean to say is, I was stuck at home like this for a really long time. Then i had to move houses because the lease was up and my old house needed renovations, so there was no point in dealing with that when it wasnt even my house. So i moved. Pretty much by myself, my stepmother helped me twice, and the movers took only the furniture, but i wanted to take all of my things by myself because i didnt want anyone to touch them or consequently break them. So i suddenly got into this hyper mood of 'Ive got to do this' and ignored/supressed most of my problems for about a month. I pretended to be fine. And i was kind of fine. I had a panic attack the day the movers were coming but only because it was really uncontrollable, i can usually calm myself down or stop breathing for a while and stop them. I told myself that after the move was done i was gonna rest. But i couldnt. I couldnt sit still. I stayed on the "i am fine" boat and couldnt get off. So for a second there i thought, maybe its over, maybe it's all behind me. New house new life right? Well that's when i got a tic. I used to get them when things were really bad, and mostly when i had flashbacks, i would turn my face to the left and move my right arm. I also would put my hands in a weird claw shape when i thought of something i don't want to think about. But this one is worse. It happens all the damn time, just writing this post my left eye has winked about 50 times and i'm not even done. It happens in public, in front of my family, whoever. I really can't help it. And when i'm trying not to do it, i do a good job while i'm focusing on it, but the second my thoughts move to something else, bam, wink. I've dealt alot with my mind not doing what i want it to do, but this is driving me crazy. I have enough social problems i really don't need a facial tic. It is very psychological, it happens everytime i think about something i dont want to think about. Or if i'm watching something and theres the slightest trigger, wink. Sometimes it's not just one wink either, sometimes its three times or more at a time. I even wink in bed, with my eyes closed, if i think about something wrong, my eye winks even when it's closed. After a few days of the tic appearing i realized i am really not fine, and gradually i got back to where i was 6 months ago. I am definitely off the "i am fine" boat. I've had two nightmares just this past week (i had been nightmare free for about 3 months, i got back to smoking pot and it makes me barely dream at all and really helps with the insomnia), i've been zoning out for hours at a time, have been getting alot more flashbacks, have gotten a few panic attacks, had a meltdown at the grocery store the other day, because this woman thought it was ok to grab my hip for me to move. I just stood there looking at ice teas for a good 20 minutes wanting to shower and be out of there and it was really hard to keep going. My attention span has shortened alot too. I should also mention i'm not in therapy, because it terrifies me, i've never told anyone about any of this nor can i imagine ever telling anyone, i dont think i am capable of trusting someone that much specially when they are holding my mind in their hands and could do so much worse.. and honestly right now i couldnt even afford it.So is there anyone who's dealt with this? how the hell do i get rid of a tic? Once, with the other tic, i asked on a forum what i should do and was told that it sounded very situation-specific, so i should analyze where it came from and go from there. it really worked and it faded after a few weeks. This one i really cant rationalize, its not specific at all...Sorry for the long post, i've re written it like 5 times, but i cant for the life of me make it shorter