In one study of 60 patients with BPD, 23 (38%) fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for at least one personality disorder. Those personality disorders most commonly were: narcissistic, borderline, antisocial, avoidance disorder and obsessive-compulsive. In my case the obsessive-compulsive personality disorder(OCPD) and post-traumatic stress disorder(PTSD) have been the most dominant; I can now see looking back over seven decades of living with bipolar disorder, 1943 to 2013, periodic manifestations of both OCPD and PTSD at various points in my life-narrative. The presence of these other disorders sometimes make BPD symptoms more intense and more difficult to treat; they also appear to increase the risk of suicide. I will deal with my suicidal ideation later in this account of my chaos narrative, but not in this post. This account is about BPD, by a person with BPD. My account only ventures into these several other psychiatric illnesses and personality disorders to a limited extent, and only from time to time when it seems relevant. I will deal with these personality disorders in my life briefly in the next several sections before continuing this account of BPD. ------------------------------------------ Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder(PTSD) and borderline personality disorder(or BoPD) commonly co-occur and they often co-occur in the lives of BPD sufferers. Borderline personality disorder(BoPD) has been receiving increased attention within the media over the years. It has been featured in movies such as Girl Interrupted, as well as articles in the New York Times and popular magazines such as O Magazine. To receive a diagnosis of BoPD, a person needs to exhibit at least 5 symptoms from a longer list of others. Of course, as with all mental disorders, only a mental health professional can provide a formal diagnosis of BoPD. BoPD has been found among people with PTSD and vice versa. Why are these two disorders so inter-related? BoPD and PTSD have both been found to stem from the experience of traumatic events. The thoughts, feelings, and behaviours seen in BoPD are often the result of childhood traumas. These childhood traumas may also place a person at risk to developing PTSD. As of 2012, I began to take seroquel which is also used to help those with PTSD.