should PTSD be treated with ECT?Posted over a year agoShould PTSD be treated with ECT when It was the experience of ECT that caused it? Following a bad reaction from an SSRI (overnight collapse no sign anything was unusual) that I was taking forstress in my professional life, in 2000-2002, 20 months) I had 66 ECT treatments. Whilst my memory for this time is very severely damaged, I do remember refusing the treatment many times. I waspulled off my bed, pushed through the door of the ECT room, even picked up and put on the table, held my arms over my head and begged them not to do it , I wept, I pleaded, I begged but they neverstopped. I still have severe memory and cognitive dysfunction. Others told me I often refused but they always did it. They stood over me to sign the consent, threatened to section me and send me to the public hospital. It was 2 years before Icould drive down the street the Clinic was in. I was thentreated for bipolar at 2 other private clinics.I tried to tell the doctors that the mood swings, the bad depression, the rage, flashbacks, avoidance, hype-rvigilance etc came from the ECT time, not before, but they wouldn't believe me. I spent 10years at one clinic, I was unable to stay in a room near the ECT elevator, on ECT mornings I got allthe meds I could, used earplugs and kept my head under the pillow so as not hear the squeakingwheelchairs. I had anxiety attacks if I saw someone carrying the post ECT sandwiches. I had to runfrom any room when someone mentioned ECT & on and on. Surely this was enough for my doctorto see I had terrible fears of ECT. How did she not see me? ALL the nurses knew. They set things up to help me get through those mornings. In 2010 she, somehow persuaded me to do ECT again. Ittook her 3 days but eventually I signed. I was told that it was new and improved, Ultra Brief ECT.That's the only way I can believe I did it. I wasn't told that the Ultra Brief was merely the pulse, not that there were 140 of them per second for 5 seconds, with 450 volts and BILATERAL? I would never had agreed to it if I'd known that. And for the first time I saw her admission notes about me and said "Ihad a difficult life with BAD", with "long periods of depression and SOCIAL withdrawal" NOT TRUE! I had a couple of spots in my 20s but never again. I was, according to my friends the most social of all of us. This LIE was used to get me 20 ECTs straight because of "HIPPOCAMPAL SHRINKAGE due to the "LONG" history that never happened.. I am freaking out here. The nurse's notes said all along that I was terribly anxious about it but the doctor 's notes said once, `shefeels humiliated and violated but after a long talk agreed to continue.'After one I had to be locked up in the ICU because I was acutely suicidal. In fact the nurse's noted again and again that I was terribly worried about ECT and was talking about making a rope to hang myself. One time I said I couldn't afford the treatment so she fixed it that the doctors would cut their extra fees.I was desperately calling for help but every time I tried to get out she blocked the door. I do realisethat I could have revoked consent but I couldn't, I don't know why. I was raped twice, at 13 and 24and she knew that. I always said ECT was like that. You can't get away so you just grit your teeth.Maybe it was that.I now feel totally hopeless. I cannot ever talk to a psychiatrist again. I can hardly even talk to anydoctor again. My diagnosis and terrible fear of further humiliation means I cannot sue them because she could get as many of her cronies to say I was “sick” which was why I was having the treatment in the first place. What my doctor did was wrong.She told me for 7 years that she respected my feelings about ECT. I want to know what people who know about this condition think of my doctor's performance on this. And maybe how to get past this. Iam very distressed and don't know what to do. I'm afraid that if I stand up and fight back, because of her lies, I could be pulled in off the street as a involuntary patient. I wouldn't put it past her. Shewatched me suffer horribly during that ECT, calm and determined to make me have it.