Do I have PTSD?by TheMowMan » Fri May 30, 2014 6:53 pmHello all. This is my first post on this forum. I will try not to make this too long. I am 35 years old and have been married for 10 years in October this year. I have a child on the way in 3 weeks. I am writing because I was watching the news sometime last year and saw something about PTSD. I started going to counseling because I am just miserable on a daily basis. I told the counselor that I thought I had PTSD. But the counselor wants to draw the sessions out over a long time. I felt better after counseling but never really got a straight answer. I am now watching about this VA thing and a family was reading a suicide letter that there son wrote. What he described in that letter almost seemed what I go through but much less intense because it has been so long. So here is the story. I am 35 now. When I was 17 I was dating a younger girl. She was 16 at the time. We dated for 2 years. I believed in being true to someone at the time. I never dated anyone else. In 2 years there were only 5 times I didn't see here. We sometimes had sex 2 times a day. I was there when she was getting ready for school in the morning and there when she got home. We went to school together when I was still in school. I picked her up took her home saw here during the day etc. It was an up and down relationship just like anything else. She was a cheerleader, had horses you name it. This was the girl that I wanted. One day out of the blue to me anyway she just came to me and said I want to break up. I was just heart broken. I mean it messed me up. I found out that she had slept with a friend of mine through his own words it was he did it and it was great. That really hurt me. I tried to talk to her after she broke up with me and it never worked. It was the end. Over the next 5 years I never dated anyone. I slept with over 110 girls and lost count. I finally went to church settled down with my now wife of 10 years. But there is a secret that I kept from my wife for about 5 years. I was still in some way hoping to get back with my ex even though I had not talked to her in years. I bought horses because it made me think of her. I just thought about her all the time. I just did odd things. But then it occurred to me just recently and I don’t know why I never thought about it at the time that I might have PTSD. Why do I think this? I enjoy nothing in life, I have about 1 dream a week about my ex. (Used to be nightly for about a year) They are awful dreams of her leaving me, not talking to me in my dreams, me trying to see her etc. I finally told my wife. I couldn't do this anymore. This has to stop. Over the last 5 years I have tried to move on and I can’t. These dreams just keep coming. I realized that every time I go into a store I think about her because we had been there. I walk out of stores when I hear songs come on that I can’t deal with. It’s embarrassing and hard. I finally told my wife what was going on. I realized that I have never dealt with these dreams, triggers and all this stuff. I enjoy nothing in life. I get up, go to work, come home watch tv and do it all over the next day. I have a kid on the way in 3 weeks and I am not excited at all. I always feel like if I could just have one more hug, one more kiss one more chance with her that my life would change. I feel like I lost someone to death. I can’t call them, can’t e-mail them, nothing. I also found out she married another friend of mine and they have 2 kids together. It was like a dagger to my heart finding that out. I am old enough now and through counseling last year to realize that we were both young. We had our own stuff going on. However while the counseling helped it didn't fix the problem. It took me 10 sessions of counseling to just bring in a photo of me and my ex from years ago. I can’t even face them it hurts so bad. But now I want to get this fixed. I to wake up every day wanting to end my life. I won’t because I don’t believe in that but sometimes the urge is very strong. Everyone around me thinks I am the happiest guy every. I seem to have it all. Nice cars, 2 business that I run, married and a child on the way. But inside it is just the opposite. So my question is could a break up cause PTSD? In my opinion and based on what my counselor said, Yes I could be suffering from PTSD. When I hear those suicide letters and read the symptoms of PTSD I am just like OMG that is me all the way around. Brad