PTSD aftermathby keyed » Thu Apr 03, 2014 12:53 amDoing ok but losing my enthusiasm. I don't feel traumatised anymore, at least not consciously. I had a really difficult year last year but the memories don't bother me anymore, it just was what it was and I'm slowly fixing bits of my life (and wondering if it's worth it). I don't know why I made such a big deal about how traumatised I was because I realised it was just a habit, thinking I was so traumatised. I think I've gone over and over things in my head enough now that I've come to terms with it and I've had all of the necessary revelations. So, now what? Things were so dramatic in my head when I was psychotic, I thought my life was a lot crazier than it was. I had no money in my bank account when I was thrown into hospital, I'd lost my bank card and I had no petrol in my car and a lot of people thought I was too insane to talk to. I expected money, fame, I thought I was in the news and on the radio everyday, it was so weird. I thought a radio station were following me around all day, media representatives in droves were on my tail and I was so freaked out that I hid at home all day until they went away. I walked into a petrol station one afternoon, the first time I'd left the house all day, and I could hear radio commentators talking about everything I was doing. I turned on the radio and could hear voices which I thought were the announcer's thoughts. I freaked out, unplugged the radio and threw it onto the road (along with everything else I owned that was talking to me). I stopped listening to the radio. I'm not like this anymore, I do think it was was pretty funny to think about now. Just in hindsight. It was terrifying at the time. I heard voices coming in through the lights and they were threatening violence against my family, that they would slice up their stomachs, rip their organs out and throw them onto the nature strip. I thought people were coming into my room when I was out. When I returned to my room, I had hallucinations of people I'd known from the past who were being sent in by the TV stations to talk about their memories of me. It was kind of like room raiders. I was leaving notes everywhere for the police to leave me alone. Yeah, I understand why the triage told me I was so sick. I kept texting a family member who I thought had signed me up for a TV show saying can you please stop this, I know you've hid money from me etc. etc. they're on my tail 24/7. The next minute I'm in a hospital office before a panel of crisis workers being told I am 'very sick' and I argued with them that they didn't understand the context of my delusions. I ran away when they said they were going to hospitalised me and I pleaded with the police that I'd change and I didn't want to be put away. I was desperate for freedom. I'd been hearing thoughts and seeing things for months. Every time I went to the doctor's office I'd collapse into fits of laughter for no reason other than the fact that I was seeing and hearing the most ridiculous things. I had hallucinations when I was flipping through magazines in the waiting room. I still had a few delusions when I got out and I think they stopped in early January this year. I've had childhood trauma and relationship trauma and abuse, and then trauma from mental and physical health problems and I'm a blank slate. I think I just flipped out and it was all too heavy and my brain went on a very very long holiday. I've had a few suicide triggers in the last few weeks and I was warned about throwing myself into things too quickly after I was hospitalised and hit rock bottom at the end of last year. The suicide triggers came and went. I kept myself safe, calmed myself down, went to the beach. There is something that stops me from hurting myself and I think maybe it's just an awareness that the feelings always pass. I worked through the issues it brought up, I spoke to someone about it and got some really good advice. I think whenever something bad happens, I expect it to be the beginning of the end because I've been at a low ebb for a while now and I've seen too much of the worst of people and the worst of experiences. I'm a lot more cynical about people and life because of my experiences in the last couple of years.I was really optimistic in my mid 20's and very positive about my future and my capabilities. Since then I've drowned. I'll be nearly 30 this time next year, I hear that things get easier when you turn 30, I'm into astrology and my Saturn return has destroyed my optimism and I'm too negative. I've become a lot more guarded about people and I don't see the merit in what I've achieved already. I think my views on the world are too cold. I'm not at risk of homelessness and I've got some security but I still have a scarcity mentality. I've been sabotaging my finances somewhat and I'm always buying food for home even though others I live with shop. The availability of food at home is unpredictable because the people I live with come and go at strange hours and our routines clash, sometimes there is plenty of food (I'm not a priority, they don't care where I eat or not or about where I go and what I do), sometimes none at all. We don't eat together very much and we're emotionally disconnected anyway. Then I'll beat myself up for wasting money. I'm an idiot. It's irrational to think I'm going to go hungry but I'm always left with this feeling of being ripped off my life and like I don't have enough of anything. I know my spending triggers are low self-esteem and perceptions of scarcity. I guess this was inevitable because I ripped my life to shreds last year. I don't see my talents and strengths. I was asked earlier in the week a bunch of questions about my capabilities and I just shut down and felt ridiculous at the thought of having anything to offer anyone. It felt like a contrived situation and I wasn't meant to be there, how could someone possibly be asking me this. I was happy and very grateful for the opportunities but at the same time, I felt like a phoney and an imposter. How could anything good happen to me. But I think this is how people feel after a lot of trauma. Everything is normality is abnormal after the drama of any rock bottom situation. Life returning to normal is just creepy. I've hit a brick wall and my motivation and optimism is dwindling. I feel like I'm limiting my own opportunities and I want to broaden my horizons and start thinking about the future and making plans. I had to drop out of a course at the beginning of the year because I couldn't afford it and I'm already in a lot of debt, but I'm going to have to inject new life into something I've done before and a part of me doesn't want to do anything because I'm over it. I know outside of my skewed pathology, things are fine. And there isn't a whole lot wrong with me and about the way I've been dealing with things and I know there aren't a lot of dramas or problems in my life anymore. It takes a while for you to start seeing that things aren't really that bad. They (so, crisis workers where needed, and support teams) don't expect very much from you after so many blows to the brain and it annoyed me a bit at first, but it's given me some time to rebuild my confidence in dealing with people and the world. All my experiences have left me with is just a mildly negative slant on the world, some apathy, some motivation loss, and my interest in people is declining somewhat. But I know it'll return eventually. I'm repeating myself a bit here and just rambling.