Is this an accurate diagnosis of PTSD? *tw*by 7ilovelucy » Tue Sep 02, 2014 2:18 amI am a female, . I am currently seeing a therapist, and my therapist has recommended me to a psychiatrist. I should start off by saying, I have always been an A/B honor roll student in school. I have always had a clean record, no detentions or anything, and I tried my hardest to get along with everybody. I tend to be empathetic/sympathetic toward people, and if someone does not like me, I try and help them understand, or I change myself to be better. So I definitely have good relations with 99% of my peers. When I was 5 years old I was diagnosed with GAD (Generalized Anxiety Disorder). Which had impacted my life greatly for a while. By the time I was in 6/7th grade everything was GREAT! Especially 7th grade. In 8th grade my school got a new assistant principal. The guy was incredible emotionally abusive. I am not Going to go into much detail, because there is just so much to it, but basically, he would spread some pretty terrible rumors, and just did everything in his power to make our lives a living hell. Some of my friends started cutting and burning themselves (which was not a problem before). We all had drug problems, with marijuana, alcohol, and pill popping. Anyways, I started to develop some pretty severe panic attacks related to the abuse. Whenever I heard certain trigger sounds I would go into a full blown 'fight or flight' mode and freak out. At first I did not know what this was, but I figured it out through research. My grades dropped significantly to C's D's and F's. My concentration started to get really bad, almost non- existent. My parents didn't really understand the full extent of the abuse, and they pretty much just blew it off, my friends were a wreck, so I pretty much just had all of my emotion bottled up inside of me, and it got worse and worse. I started acting out. I got into some legal trouble for vandalism and disorderly conduct. I ended up getting counciling through juvinial justice and she had mentioned possible PTSD (Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder). I ended up getting a basic screening, and I scored 'very likely.' I also scored fairly high, but not at the clinical line for OCD (Obsessive Compulsive Disorder), Depression, and social anxiety. The problem with the PTSD score was, I didn't really go through anything traumatic enough. I was verbally abused by my father up until 4 years old, I was bullied by teachers and kids in pre-school (to the point where I had a friend in the mirror that would tell me to do Things), and I was bullied all through elementary school. I have also been suffering from intrusive thoughts. I can never stop thinking, and I am very obsessive over the injustices of the police state, and over the things with my assistant principal.The latest things (within the last week) have totally made me think that they may be wrong about PTSD. I have totally switched into a depressive state. I am not having as much of a problem with intrusive thoughts anymore, well I guess I am, but in a totally different form, but they are not 'racing' thoughts like they used to. Lately I have been thinking a lot about people getting killed. I have been looking to start fights at school, for no reason, and I am just very angry all of a sudden. I have dreams about fighting my friends. I think of scenarios in my head where people die and I place myself in them. For example:I came up with this scenario, and my assistant principal was having a heart attack, and for some reason I was the only person in the school that was there to help. In the scenario, I stood over him, as he was grabbing his chest. I stood there over top of him as he was begging for help. I wanted to make sure I was the last person he saw before he died. I wanted him to know that I have the power. Then I would call 911 and tell them that I found him dead.Then sometimes I have much less thought out ones, that are just 'I wish I could shank them' or 'i hope they get ran over by a bus.' It has gotten to the point were people are noticing. Like i said it has only been a week. Already my Doctor, art teacher, aunt, and even some random woman at the pottery place asked if i think about death a lot. At first i though people just didn't understand my 'jokes' but then i thought about it, and realized I was serious.I feel like I am going to lose control and actually hurt someone, although i don't express my anger, I am somehow able to Cover it up with niceness. Sometimes I can be fine most of the day, and then all of a sudden i will just get SUPER mad SUPER fast, for no reason. It could be meSitting in my room alone, at 9:30 at night and I just lose it. Then I think of something to be mad about. I will usually start pacing back and forth.I have always been emotionally numb as long as I can remember. I have never loved people, not even my own parents.Does this sound like an accurate diagnosis of PTSD? I kind of feel like this is Bipolar. What is your oppinion?