 I need help...I almost ended it

This is my first post and I apologize if I come off wordy. I always assumed ptsd was something reserved for combat veterans. The day after easter, April 6 2015, I overdosed on over-the-counter meds. My roomate called the police and I was taken to a psych ward. I was released today with diagnosed ptsd. 

Back story. I'm 32 years old. My father's irish visa ran out when I was 2 days old and he went back home. My mother raised me and my sister alone until I was 11. My sister is 7 yrs older than me and was un-diagnosed bi-polar (until her late 20s I'd say). My sister was violent and put me in the hospital on 2 occassions. When she turned 17 my mother kicked her out of the house. 

A year later when I turned 11 my mother began a relationship with a psociopath. He hated me for several reasons, he viewed me as spoiled, that I was overweight, and that I was homosexual. He beat me constantly. He was a body builder so he was impossible to fight off. I was never openly gay, not coming out until 22 yrs old. But he somehow knew and despised me. I was never referred to my name in the house. I was either "******" or "fat boy". I almost didn't graduate 3 years in school because he would keep me home anytime I had bruises or marks. I attempted to involve the division of family and youth services but my mother lied and they assumed I was lying and closed my case. He would say that he was god and that I could never touch him no matter what I did and that my mother would always back him. My mother said if I ever tried to get him arrested she would disown me. 

This man attempted to start a dog kennel business when I was 12 or 13. it was basically an excuse for him to kill animals. He killed so many dogs I became numb to the process. I was so used to seeing the bodies of puppies in the freezer that I would forget to keep my friends away from the fridge a few times. The dogs also brought about my stepfather's favorite toy. the cattleprog. He said he was buying it incase the dogs ever got into a fight. But instead he used it to wake me in the mornings, assert his will, or just for fun. The laugh he made when he did it to me...I will never forget that laugh. He attempted to suffocate me twice for random things, mom actually intervened in these instances. When he started collecting guns, any hope for fighting back as I got older were immediately dashed. He brandished them around the house. Would point it at me at the dinner table, or just wake me up in the middle of the night with the barrel to my temple, again, just for the pleasure of bringing me fear.

One day when I was 16, we got into a fight where he ripped the phone off the wall and beat me for about 20 minutes. I was on the school newspaper and had to do a report on the school play that night, and surprisingly he let me go to it. The principle took one look at me and immediately called the police. The police interviewed everyone, my mother lied, and was released back into their custody. I was subsequently moved into the garage of the house where I lived for 9 months. 

This is already getting really long and I apologize but i moved out 2 months after graduating high school, started working for a bank, did very well, bought my first home when I was 25, had a $50k 401k plan, got weight loss surgery and lost 165 pounds down from 312, and have a beautiful lab-retriever named Rukus 

Problem is, I hate that I'm gay. I have never had a sexual encounter with a guy or girl sober. I feel terrible afterwards when I'm with a man. I cannot hold a relationship for my life. I have an unhealthy obsession with how others view me to the point where it is almost crippling. I have 0 relationship with anyone that could be classified as family. I was in a devestating car accident when I was 19 where a mentally disabled woman ran out infront of my car and my windshield caved in on me. Two years ago i started taking psychiatric drugs from a doctor who refused to diagnose me with anything and put me on 9 different anti-psychotics during my time seeing her. January of this year my insurance stopped covering my doctor and have been waiting for an appointment for a new one since. And the day after Easter this past week, I was fired from my 13 year career. I broke. I just remember this overwhelming feeling of exhaustion and decided it was ok to give up. 

The doctor in the hospital officially diagnosed me and has started me on a combination of zoloft and minipress. I don't know how to fix myself though. I see a therapist but I don't find it useful no matter how honest I am. I don't know what else to do. If these drugs don't work i feel like I'm out of options. is there anyone with a similar experience that can help me please? I'm so desperate for just a point in the right direction...


