 Where on earth do I begin ? I'm trying to be brave...This is going to be hard, I hate talking about myself and I really struggle to ask for advice or help. I'm surprised I was brave enough to even join a forum if I'm honest but everyone had been supportive thus far so I have been reassured slightly.I really don't know where to start or whether this is even the correct forum to write in. I have never told anyone other than my best friend and also my psychologist about this. I don't have a diagnosis because I can't tell the doctors too much, due to fear. I'm scared she'll find this, oh god why am I doing this... _________________________________________________My entire life I have been the subject of intense abuse from my mother who only left the family home three years ago when I was 20 years old. My mother can only be described as a very manipulative and very controlling woman to put it mildly, if things did not go her way then all hell would be directed toward me. She often told me from when I was a very young child, that I deserved to die , that she should have killed and disposed of me when I was born. She justified this by informing me that she almost died in child birth (which was untrue) and was therefore entitled to treat me how she did because I should be grateful for my existence. I was often beaten with the same justification given and on multiple occasions she attempted to take my life but was stopped by my sister. My mother cheated on my dad when I was seven years old. All hell broke lose, arguments, furniture being smashed. It was horrendous and I can't talk about it. When she returned back to family home she came back even more determined to ruin my life and blamed me for my dad 'turning against her'. I developed anorexia nervosa and OCD during the next few years using self harm in order to find some control. Her campaign became stronger as she carted me off to the doctors at the age of 10 due to my unhealthy eating habits and the fact I was completely emaciated. She did not do this to get me help, rather she did it because she knew I was scared of the doctors. I was given no diagnosis because I was too scared to tell the truth, so I was sent away and prescribed something to make me gain weight. After this appointment her threats became more extreme. The threat of being locked up by'them' was first given and to this day I am convinced they will find me if I self harm or fail to commit suicide. I don't know whothey are but I know they exist. I was often called an attention seeker and told I was making up my moods and behaviours to get attention. If I was ever low she'd tell me they were coming to get me, which led to panic attacks and a refusal on my behalf to ever go to seek help until I was almost 21. Sometimes she'd be nice, be like a real mom is supposed to be for a few days, buy me small gifts and such but this never lasted and she'd use everything nice she did as justification for her being abusive again. She told who ever would listen that I was in fact a problem child and that it was I that beat her. I actually never even defended myself till I was 13, which was the worst thing I ever did because then she ammunition against me. Any bruises from a fight she broke up between me and my sister, she'd show off as evidence I was evil to whoever she could, even random people on the bus. She even lied to my dad, he was made to discipline me because after all she was his wife and he should defend her. No one believed me when I told them what she did, no one ever believed me, they believed her. It scares me how much she was able to manipulate people and make them believe her. It scares me how much power she had, she still has . My sister still has contact with her you see and I am aware she now seeks help from the doctors for 'domestic violence' and 'abuse' none of which she has actually ever suffered with. If she can convince them, she can convince anyone of anything even now. When she left three years ago she did so in the worst possible way, she cheated on my dad again and it was back to being seven again. I can't talk about what happened and the intensity of the arguments and how she behaved because it's too much for me at the moment.My self esteem is none existent, I hate myself and the very ground I walk on. I struggle to form relationships and I am extremely sensitive to criticism. I freak out when someone rings the doorbell in a certain way and often find myself dissociating for hours when triggered by many things. I could never have contact with her again, last time I saw her I had a panic attack , even her name gives me panic attacks. I don't know what to do, I'm sorry for being a burden and talking about myself so much I really am. This isn't even half of everything she's done either. I have so many things wrong with me , I feel like I'm making it all up. I sometimes can't see the point of even trying any more because when one thing gets help another thing just takes its place. I need to know what to do, who to ask for help because it affects me and triggers my mood disorder. Does anyone have any advice?I'm sorry for this long post, I'm so sorry. Bethe xx