Dominance And Feeling Lack Of ControlI'm really struggling right now with feeling dominated and unheard. I feel like I'm drowning, unable to have any say and having no control over my life.First, I didn't want to go on a family visit, but I failed to say no to my dad about it. They are in a new town that I haven't been to before, but when I got there I wanted to find where to go without being reliant on others, and I got totally lost because I hadn't understood his instructions and they'd given me the wrong phone number, so I couldn't get in touch.When eventually they got in touch with me (because I was so late), my mum came to meet me and explained that she'd left him in a bad mood and that I would be best not to say anything (because that's the way our family deal with stuff). So I turned up and he was angry. He's never been violent, but he has a way of showing his anger, like completely disowning me without any care whatsoever for the fact that I'd been lost for two hours in a strange town, and my mum took the blame for the phone number being wrong.But also, I'm doing a course soon and I had to fill out a medical form for occupational health to ok my suitability for the course, and I had to answer yes to questions about my mental health and whether I'd seen a therapist. So I'm left feeling like that's out of my control, like someone that's never met me will judge my health and decide my future, and because my health is to do with abuse, I feel like they are judging whether I'm good enough based on the fact that I've been abused. I know that's wrong thinking, but I'm struggling with that feeling.Then, I got in touch with the place I used to have therapy at, and they have booked me in for an assessment to see where I'm at and whether they can offer more therapy or not. So it's another thing where I feel they are making that judgement and deciding for me, and part of me feels like because they've already given me therapy and I've gone back, that I've failed, and that they are deciding if it's worth giving me another chance. It is a charity and free, so I feel like its a gift and I'm asking for more.Then I answered a thread and felt that my voice was completely invalidated and reacted stupidly by deleting everything I'd wanted to say, and silencing myself.Being dominated and not having a voice is something that is a huge thing, through all my traumas. And I feel like I'm drowning and unable to grasp onto anything that will give me back that little bit of safety and control.Any help, thoughts?