So, i thought i'd post a forum here to see the responses i could get, and possible help. It's been about 4 months since the incident. I'm 17. Before then, i had suffered from depression, or at least i thought i did, but now i honestly think it was just a phase of life. My mom diagnosed me and a psychologist put me on daily 300mg wellbutrin which i still take to this day. It was early april of this year when i had the shroom trip. I had never hallucinated before so i was very excited to finally have my chance. Of course i got carried away and took to high of a dose of amanita muscaria. thats how this bullsh*t shenanigans all started. The trip, well i didn't hallucinate so much as i was inside my head all the time. The trip just consisted of strange sensations which turned horrifying. i would come in out of reality, becoming aware of where i was, but then loosing it and going back in. When i was aware, i knew something was wrong with me and i was scared. What i got out of the trip was that i felt as if my entire life was looping infinity inside my head, though i didn't see my life actually. i felt as if the times i would come back to reality were when that loop would reach that specific moment in time. It felt out of my control and completely torturous. Later i would find this Nietzche quote that explained my nightmarish sensation oddly well: "The greatest weight -- What, if some day or night a demon were to steal after you into your loneliest loneliness and say to you: 'This Life as you now live it and have lived it, you will have to live once more and innumerable time more; and there will be nothing new in it, but every pain and every joy and every thought and sigh and everthing unutterable small or great in your life will have to return to you, all in the same succession and sequence--even this spider and this moonlight between the trees, and even this moment and I myself. The eternal hourglass of existence is turned upside down again and again, and you with it, speck of dust!' Would you not throw yourself down and gnash your teeth and curse the demon who spoke thus?..." The first few days after, i was honestly just scared i had seriously !**@! up my head. I know now it was all just PTSD and very intense anxiety. My mind went crazy over thinking every single possibility like mushroom poisoning, or any number of physiological problems i could have done to myself. I couldn't eat, vomiting any thing i ate. i started running out of feelings of helplessness; i didn't know what to do or how to handle myself, and often times i cried as i ran. A 'weird feeling' followed me around for a few day, but this i know was largely due to the my anxiety induced irrational thoughts. It was like my mind fed of my fears and i couldn't help but to put myself in a pickle of 'what if's..' that i couldn't reasonably disprove. Was this reality? or am i still inside my head, living my life, soon to return back to the day i tripped. Maybe after i die inthe reality i was experiencing.. or worse maybe at any time or any day, weeks or maybe months from now, i'll return to that day. I was really scared. I started analyzing my body. It was like i was rethinking everything, finding it hard to believe that 'I' and about me was contained inside my body, this human form of my existence. That weird feeling stayed for a few days, and i would get that feeling again later, only then i knew it was actually a combination of derealization and depersonalization; something common after traumatic experience when the mind is under a lot of stress. I focused sometimes on strange things. For a few weeks i felt the sensation of decapitation around my neck, constantly. Or sometimes it was a finger or toe i just for some reason would imagine the sensation of it being removed. This was only when i would draw my attention to those things though. There was a period of time where i was in constant awareness of my thoughts. I was so concerned with what was going on inside my head that i wouldn't trust my thoughts. My thoughts wouldn't flow because i'd become aware of them almost constantly, and this alone scared me even more and perpetuated the whole thing longer than it should have been. The thoughts continued, and i think instead of telling this as a story, i'll just make a list of what these where and how they affected me. - What if i go to sleep tonight, and i go comatose. I wake up 20 so years from now and realize my whole life has passed me -( After fearing sleep because of this sh*t^ i couldn't sleep for almost 3 days) What if i've lost the ability to fall asleep - What if I'm a robot. - What if this is all a dream, and everything i see (People, places) isn't real. Just illusions i guess. Like they don't exist until i'm there to sense their existence. kind of like does the tree make a sound of no one is there to hear it, type of thing. - What if my entire past didn't exist but is programmed in my head to exist. This doesn't really follow up though cause how would i account for remembering this present moment tomorrow.. - What if I'm a psycho not yet out of the closet (This was created by an OCD happening i had, or more like just the O. Going through cleaning out my shed i found a machete, and imagined killing my family with it. Just the possibility of me having the capability to do something like that scared the sh*t out of me. But later i learned as long as i felt guilty, i was no where near being phycotic, just a victim of over awareness of bad thoughts) - What if i develop some sort of mental illness (This turned into a fear. Sometimes it would seem like some phrases or words came out of nowhere inside my head and i'd scare myself into think i may be developing multiple personalities) -What if i loose track of who 'I' am and start dissociating with my life. Like I'm not in control of it (Depersonalization) ^right now this ones a big one. -What if i don't have free will at all since eternal recurrence is a possibility and there's a chance my life has happened already several times over. - of course the: What if i get an illness, or someone i know or love dies, or I will never be happy because i will over think everything to the point of torturing myself. I guess to sum it all up, What if i actually start believing my thoughts. Well writing all this stuff actually makes me feel a lot better. I've been told, and its true, that the monsters don't seems as bad once they're out in the open. I hope some of this bizarre sh*t can be relatable, cause its that reason alone i decided to post this. To see if people get what i'm going through and vice versa, because reassurance is an amazing thing. thanks.