So sick of PTSD ruining my life!by peasantgirl » Mon Feb 02, 2015 3:42 pmI'm gonna try to keep this short, it's basically a pity party/vent. I have PTSD stemming from years of all kinds of childhood abuse. I am single because I've stopped dating because I don't know how to have healthy relationships. I have no friends for the same reason. I'm a truckdriver because it's the only job I can keep for any length of time (due to limited contact with people). Basically I'm miserable and just marking off days in the calendar until I die. The trigger for this rant is yesterday I was driving the truck and got pulled over. I knew I hadn't been speeding so I couldn't imagine why I was stopped. The childhood abuse has basically conditioned me to fear being "in trouble". In the short time it took the officer to reach my truck I was in full-blown panic. Heart racing, body trembling, sweating, teeth chattering, and mind frozen. It turned out to be nothing more than a random routine paperwork check (DOT loves to hassle truck drivers). By the time I knew this it was too late, you can't just turn off the physiological reaction. I try to hide this reaction as much as possible but cops seem to elicit the worst response. It was so bad that he asked me to hold out my hand cuz he could see me shaking. He wanted to know if I had a medical condition (fishing to find out if I shouldn't be driving). Also, my brain was so frozen that I couldn't find my medical card. This is a card that certifies you as fit to drive, and I have to have it with me any time I'm driving the truck (or get in trouble/ticket). I don't keep it out because I usually don't need it. It was in my purse and I couldn't find it cuz I was freaking so bad that I literally couldn't even remember what my purse looked like. I did eventually calm down enough to be able to find it and he eventually let me go. Bottom line, I hate being a truckdriver cuz it pays crap, it's stressful and I have to be away from home (my safe place). I hate these sudden episodes of terror (I don't know what else to call it), and I hate being alone. I hate my parents for doing this to me and I hate myself and I hate my life. Thank you for listening.