I've had PTSD for a long time (I'm 24 and got diagnosed with it at 8 years old) and have coped with it in very varying degrees over that time. I recall my first faint/seizure at 5, I was extremely anxious as I had no choice but to see one of the people who caused my PTSD to begin with. Over the years the faints/seizures have got worse and better according to how my PTSD is going. My flashbacks are now pretty much under control and Im no longer having to take all the medication that I once had to (a small miracle in itself). I have found that the faints/seizures continue now regardless of what's going on in my life. I say faint/seizure because, depending on what happens, it presents as one, the other or a mixture of the symptoms. About 6 years ago, I was misdiagnosed with epilepsy. The medication I was put on made them significantly worse and was taken off them when the seizure put me in hospital too often. My blood pressure appears to have not much to do with it (I had one in the Drs office just as he was putting the blood pressure cuff on my arm, the ONLY time I've ever had one at a convenient time). He didn't know what caused it at that point but made no further enquiries because I was young at the time. One thing I'm wondering about is whether anyone else gets them too? Generally I get about 3 seconds warning, I don't feel sick or dizzy but a little light-headed and very aware that I'm about to drop in some form or other. It takes a quite while to recover though. I'm normally unconscious for between 5 seconds and 3 minutes, depending on whether I'm convulsing or not. Anything under 20 seconds I wont convulse or very small convulsions but anything over 20 seconds results in convulsions that get worse and worse. They take a long time to recover from. Lets say my standard 'faint' lasts for about 1 minute, it will take 20 minutesbefore I can stand properly or use my body for anything useful ie walking, phone call etc. It takes a lot of energy to talk, I have to concentrate if I want to hear anything properly and it takes about 3 hours before i'm able to respond normally to anything. I'm dead-tired for the rest of the day as a result, generally go to bed and am unable to do anything that requires physical energy and mental energy ie cooking. Best thing to compare the tiredness to is taking way too much diazepam and way too much seroquel and then trying not to fall asleep. This can last for anywhere between 20 minutes to 3+ days. I've had a friend suggest psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, which is easily the closest to what I experience but even those symptoms don't explain why I'm so tired afterwards. Doctors are generally either too confused by what I tell them or they consider it just a random fainting episode despite how regularly it happens. I've had this at least once a month for the last 24 years and doctors seem to think that it has got nothing to do with my PTSD when I know in myself that its directly related somehow. Does anyone else get this too?