This D@mn Disorder Is So Precarious...I know I've always said that I know I will require a higher level of self care, even if I get to the point of not officially qualifying for the full blown PTSD "disorder" anymore....but, it hasn't been until very recently that I've discovered just how very true this is!I've inadvertently stumbled upon the fact that I have a very real physical component (outside of PTSD) that has a major implications for the symptoms I experience. Getting it under control is a major PITA, but I'm sure things will even out and not be so tumultuous down the road. Having said that, it has made me realize that yes, while I CAN get back to feeling normal and being functional, doing so may be like walking a tightrope! That is, I need to really balance things in my life (much more than I was expecting) in order to stay in a good place. I've been feeling normal for the first time since I was diagnosed back in 2008...."Normal" for weeks at a time; unheard of! Its much better than I ever could have expected, but today I had a spike in symptoms and flashbacks. I guess it was my wake-up call, my notification that I'm not "healed" rather I am finally learning how to balance many different aspects of my life. And, when one of them gets out of whack, it can all come crashing down again. I know I shouldn't be complaining. Really, I never expected to get this far in my healing. I never expected to be OK around my mother, the one person who could spin me off into a month long episode after merely hearing her voice, the same person who once affected me so bad that I hurt myself and had to go to the ER. I guess it just highlights the fact that one of the worst aspects of this disorder is the unpredictability, the roller coaster that can hit at any time. I know my dad is always telling me (when I'm down) that I have to keep on pushing forward because I've had good days in the past and I will have them again, but he just doesn't understand how its the up-and-down that is so crushing....the unpredictability of being ok one minute, and not the next. I'd be much better if I could predict when the downs would hit because I could prepare. I know I need to accept that this is just how it is, but it is so very, very hard to do so. So yes, doing much better, but trying to not forget that the unpredictable nature of PTSD will probably never leave me, at least not completely. Thanks for reading.