Most intense phone call.. ever. *triggers*by seabreezeblue » Thu Dec 04, 2014 11:16 amWow..I have no idea where to start but i'm going to try.. I need to type this out somewhere.As my sig says, I have c-PTSD and I've finally got around to taking my own advice and asking for some therapy to help me deal with everything.I've been unpicking everything myself for a long time now but I decided that therapy was worth a try.So, the doctors referred me to a counselling/therapy service and I've just got off the phone from a half hour long initial telephone assessment. The assessment is designed to work out what type of therapy and services are most likely to be useful and the woman who did the assessment has a couple of ideas on what she thinks would be a good idea but she's going to ask her boss/manager/clinical lead/whatever for her thoughts and then get back to me.I didn't expect to be so triggered by the call though.. we ran through literally everything and why i'm asking for their services.. from current depression and mood levels to the actual events that gave me the c-PTSD in the first place. So, we went over the fact that my parents severely emotionally and physically abused me.. how they neglected me to such a point that I weighed the same as the average 9 year old when I was 15.. We also went over when I was raped and how I became severely agoraphobic afterwards for a long time.. we went over my history of having anorexia and self harming.. my history of being with abusive partners.I'm going to be an absolute shaking, crying mess in therapy.. I have had a few sessions in the past when I was seeing a psychologist for a completely unrelated to the c-PTSD issue. She wanted to use me as a guinea pig for a therapy that she was trialing.. it was useful and interesting but didn't really involve talking very much.I want this, I really do but damn, this is why i've avoided therapy all these years.. Talking hurts  I know that this is the only way to heal properly though..