Hi, I've recently, well, for a while, been having severe PTSD symptoms, mainly Hyperarousal related from what I've been looking up. I'm just not sure if this would be classified as PTSD, and/or if they're normal for acting up PTSD. First off, I'm 17 years old and I'm in my last 10 credits of high school. I go to my grandmother's house to do my homework, because according to her, it's her "only reason for living". Bull if you ask me, I can't stand being over there without wanting to throw a small child to the moon. My grandmother is in a wheelchair, and my grandpa has dementia, alzheimers, and is in bad physical shape. They're both nearing their 70s and they have a small Chihuahua, which is a pain in the butt. My grandma ALWAYS blames my grandpa if ANYTHING, I mean ANYTHING goes wrong. If her foot gets stuck and drags on the ground she instantly yells "GALEN!" (my grandpa's name), as if it's his fault. Their dog doesn't leave me alone, and he doesn't stay out of my way. Whenever I'm over there, she asks me for stuff on the computer, even if I'm doing something I have to stop what I'm doing to go into her computer room to help her. Getting into her wheelchair or recliner is also a ridiculous time of day. EVERY time she gets uses her lift (how she gets transported from chair to chair) she tells me not to look at her butt, because that's what I dream of doing, obviously. But that's enough of this situation for now. Life at home is just as bad. My mother is addicted to Facebook games, so is my brother. I do put my fair share of time into a video game as well (RuneScape), but I am coherent when I play, and would much rather be doing something else. My brother and mother both walk around the house naked like there's nobody else there, let alone their siblings. My younger brother is 14 and weighs 400 lbs., and not to sound stereotypical, but he's ignorant to both the world and his surroundings. He doesn't shower, he wets the bed and stays dirty, he gets crap (literally) and grime from his body all over everything he touches, and he's noisy as hell. My family is not wealthy, at all. We struggle to live month by month, and my brothers eats 5-6 meals a day, asks everyone in the family to get stuff for him or do stuff for him because he can't move. I cannot stand to hear his or her (my mothers) voice, the phone ring, or my dogs bark without becoming extremely agitated. My online activies are most likely the worst thing for me to be doing. I actively play a game called RuneScape, program Java, and play Xbox games online (Call of Duty, Halo, Need For Speed, etc.). I don't have many friends online because many things bug me, one being the way people talk, such as saying stuff like 'wat' instead of 'what', 'o' instead of 'oh', and not to mention the biggest phrases on the internet, known as memes derived from 4chan. (eg; 'u mad', 'trololol', calling people 'kid'). I mainly talk to one person, and his name is Mark. He's 19 and he lives in Arizona. Me and him mess around sometimes and talk in the aforementioned way. He just takes it too far, if I tell him something's bugging me he'll say something like "u mad u mad u mad u god damn mad" or "u mad kid". I can't stand him talking like this, and he'll just keep pushing if I tell him how I feel, but if he's mad or talks 'proper' for once, and I don't talk extremely properly, he'll argue any cause. This may seem more like a vent, and I was kind of hoping it would be, but I'm also wondering if these would be normal causes for sudden spikes in mood. Thank you for reading