Hi I am 27 years old. I was molested my aunt's friends when I was 13 (and my aunt watched with her two kids there). My mother died when I was 14 and my father is a paranoid schizophrenic that would accuse me of breaking into a safe, being a witch, a slut, and drug dealer. So much so that my dad would pay the police department to get me a polygraph tested from time to time, and I would pass and it would only piss my dad off more. When my mother died, my family was obsessed with trying to turn me into my mother and wouldn't see me for me. When I was 23 I lived on campus at a college where for the first told someone about me getting molested. The next year I came out and told the rest of the family. My dad believed me but my grandparents didn't believe their daughter could do such a thing and branded me a lair. One of my brothers wouldn't even listen to me and slammed the door in my face. But because I had support from my fiancee at the time, I decided it was actually healthier to live without these people. The other brother, the one that actually supported me and listened to me almost died last year. He had a semi truck fall on his head at the tire shop he worked at. When I went to hospital, there was everyone that made life worst sitting in the waiting room, and I had just had a baby 8 weeks ago. When my dad took pity on my grandparents, he got really mad at me when I still wouldn't acknowledge them. Then because I was next of kin, new problems came up. As I knew my brother that I was close too, didn't care much for the grandparents either. Everyone got pissed at me for my decisions that I made for my brother, especially when they conflicted with the other brothers ideas, but my brother hadn't talked to the lame brother in 4 years and I was playing it safe. It was the Sister-in-law that was really gave me stuff though (from the brother that sucked). She accused me of mind games and being evil, because I would allow my brother's live in girlfriend that wasn't leaving his side to have power of attorney. My dad went crazy too. He said that I needed an exorcism and kept telling me how full of hate I was and what kind of voodoo did I use. After that I disowned the entire family except for my brother that was supportive, but he still talks to them. It kind of angers me off because of the way they talk about me and how they treat my new sister-in-law. All of this aside, I am hypothyroid and I have postpartum depression. I have a daughter that is teething and I feel like a piece of junk because the crying and whining really gets to me, and being hypothyroid with a TSH number of 18, I am not as energetic as I would like to be. My husband is the kindest, most supportive person I've ever met or respected. Without him I don't know where I would be, but I think I owe it to him and our daughter to be the best parent I can be; however, my experience with positive parenting isn't there. I have to work so hard at it. I just don't know what to do sometimes.