Regression due to past trauma or something else?by kiguez14 » Thu Sep 04, 2014 3:41 amHi everyone! This may sound like a very strange question, but it is one that I am obsessing about. I am not certain if this falls under the category in which I am posting , but it seemed most fitting while I am typing. Today I had a dentist appointment and he asked me if I grind my teeth, which I responded no. Later he asked me the same question again and asked me to tell him if I do. I have been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety as well as PTSD, so naturally I worry about things. I have thought about to the point of obsessing over whether or not I grind my teeth. Also I wonder if clenching one's teeth is the same thing as grinding and whether chewing on random things cause the same symptoms. I go back to the dentist on Monday and will mention the clenching teeth and chewing on things. I also see my therapist tomorrow; however, at the current moment I am unable to rest and quit obsessing over this. So my strange question ( followed by more questions) is this.Has anyone else over the age of 18 felt a need to chew on something at random? If so, are you always are that you are doing it or do you subconsciously do it as well?I have noticed that I will get this urge/craving to chew something. I can not wear a necklace, as more times then not I find it in my mouth at a later point. If I have strings on jackets or hooded sweat shirts they end up in my mouth as well. I will chew on crushed ice if I have it. I have also been known to chew on plastic lids, pen caps, pens, and mot anything that has a hard texture when I have these "cravings". I also chew on my finger ( not my finger nail) and at times suck on my finger. All of which I don't quite understand, but I can guess it could be related to post trauma from childhood. I don't know. I just wonder if I am the only one who does these things and if not if anyone knows what may cause theirs and/or if anything has helped to stop it. Thank you guys for any suggestions, comments, feedback!!!