PTSD and 'Jelly-legs' symptoms?Posted 3 months agoI was diagnosed with PTSD ten years ago - after 42 years in an abusive marriage. I have all the common symptoms: - nightmares, triggers, flashbacks, agoraphobia, hypervigilance, anxiety and panic attacks, etc., etc. However, I also have ‘jelly-legs’ attacks…well that’s what I call them! I can be OK one minute and then know nothing until I ‘wake’ up on the floor or ground (if outside when they happen). My neighbours have witnessed a few of these ‘events’ and they tell me that it looks like my legs just give way underneath me (jelly-legs) and then my arms thrust about and my legs jerk around. My head moves from side to side and I moan quite a bit with a few groaned “No’s” mixed in during this time, which usually lasts for around twenty minutes. I ‘wake’ with the most excruciating ‘burning’ pain running up and down the back of my head and no feeling in my legs. After a while the sensation comes back into my legs, first as ‘pins and needles’ and then soon after this like short, sharp electric shocks. I sometimes get muscle spasms in my legs also - and my toes turn upwards on these occasion.For the last seven months I have been getting help from a local ‘Mental Health’ team and I really appreciate all the effort that they are putting in to helping me cope with my PTSD symptoms. However, last week my Psychologist (who is at present teaching me ‘Coping Strategy’ technique for when I am ready to try EMDR treatment, passed a comment which encouraged me to believe that - People with PTSD don’t have ‘Jelly-legs’ attacks.This is really ‘getting’ to me. It’s been jumping around in my head most of the time during the last few days. I’ve always had ‘Jelly-legs’ attacks – usually about three a week, ever since my PTSD was first diagnosed. I don’t know which is worse, the repeating nightmares that make me not want to sleep because they terrify me so much or the ‘Jelly-legs’ that are so painful and leave me exhausted, not to mention the ‘damage’ I usually find afterwards e.g. bruises, scratches, cuts, etc.Does anyone else on this forum with PTSD have ‘Jelly-legs’,  or is it possible that I was wrongly diagnosed ten years ago?!