PTSD symptoms better without sleep?by Indica » Fri May 01, 2015 1:02 amHelloI'm a new member; I'm looking for places I can talk about PTSD where people might understand. Because I feel like I lose myself or my connection to reality on a daily basis, I'm looking for places where I can kind of anchor myself.I had just written a long post but then was asked to sign in again and it disappeared, so I'm not too sure what to say this time round  The last three years have been literally unspeakable, like being in a 24 hour horror movie, without a self or a world or any memory of reality or safety or belonging. Just literally not a single second of anything being okay. I didn't know it was possible for reality to be like that. The fact that I'm able to write this means I'm making progress. By the evenings and night-times now I seem to be getting some normality and sanity back, but still have to start from scratch each morning. It's like my symptoms kick off during a particular phase of sleep. At the moment I'm trying to stay awake til around 6 am and sleep til midday instead, as I have better days if I miss out on that phase of sleep. I have no idea why this is and wondered if anybody could relate?I feel better after I emotionally break down, but it takes so much to get to this point: I have to literally be feeling suicidal and desperate before I can be open with anybody these days. I guess that is the strength of my self-defence against other people and vulnerability, both of which my brain perceives as life-threateningly dangerous. I'm so tired of being in this state. I really want to learn that it's not my fault, or my own weakness or resistance. I'm trying to learn this but it's feeling difficult after a lifetime of having that interpretation of myself.Hello to anyone who reads this; I'd really appreciate hearing there are other people out there, as like I said I need places I can connect to, and at the moment I can connect better without having to do it in person.Thanks