 A compounded issueI've been in therapy for about a year now and after a misdiagnosis of solely major depression, I think we almost have a more accurate diagnosis now... although I feel there are still some holes, or at least some things that I'm not understanding. Chronic complex PTSD, borderline personality disorder and dysthymia... when that started to sink in I couldn't help but feel that I have a bleak future ahead of me. My world is already crippling and I'm only 26. I have been in 2 abusive relationships, married, had a baby, lost the baby and got divorced. I am very intelligent and physically healthy so my chaotic mental state seems just that much more unbearable. I've been watching myself go "crazy" for over 5 years now, and not many people believe me. I feel like life is teasing me. I'm reluctant to accept my diagnosis, and even more reluctant to take any medication. I tried Celexa, Effexor and Lamactil, all of which appeared to make things worse, especially the Effexor.... That stuff is awful. I've been promised DBT and CBT but haven't seen any of it. My current therapist who is a lovely woman and has helped me immensely with all of this isn't very well equipped to work with my new diagnosis. It is common feeling for me when working with most doctors, that I feel like I'm faking it all, almost as though they are accusing me of trying to get on the loonie bin band wagon for some kind of personal gain. I feel as though I have to prove how sick I am before try will even think of treating me. I feel as though my insights and predictions and intuitions are all discredited and assumed to be anxiety riddled self diagnosis. I'm getting so sick and tired of having to fight for treatment and support; my family says "oh, you're fine, you don't have any of that. You're just going through a hard time... I remember when I blah blah blah... Don't worry. You're perfectly fine." AAAARRRRGG!!! I'm not perfectly fine! Very very far away from perfect! .... but regardless it is the standard at which I compare myself to. Perfection is one of my many nemesis. Everyday is an emotional roller coaster, I feel like everyone is out to get me sometimes. Other times I can feel all the love of the world flowing to and from me... talk about confusion. The physical manifestations of this pain are wild and creative. It has the power to take over my body and do.... pretty much whatever it wants to. I jumped out the window of a moving vehicle once and other than being upset before hand, I have absolutely no recollection of any thought process before my actions. (I know it has something to do with fight or flight response due to circumstances... but it was a HUGE over reaction) It was like being black out drunk. Anyways, 1 massive concussion and no real treatment I've landed some pretty gnarly cluster headaches ta boot.All of this is slowly taking over, however... I have my ace in the hole. For some reason I have this undying will to keep going. No matter how many times I want to end it all and throw in the towel, no matter how many times I actually try... I don't. I don't end it and I don't really know why. I think I would feel guilty for leaving my family so much heart ache, but then again.... can I feel guilty if I'm dead??? I haven't figured out why I'm here exactly, or why any of us are for that matter, but I would like to know... or at least have a better idea of it before I off myself/kick the bucket. (Ultimately I do believe that I will be the maker of my own demise in some fashion) What I've come to so far is that "We are here to enjoy being alive. We are one of the most able bodied, able minded creatures in this life, as far as we know, and we should feel grateful for being blessed with our minds and bodies" So basically, we are here for enjoyment... Ok, so then if we are here to enjoy ourselves, and the ways in which I feel enjoyment are askew... then.. what??? .......Also, I just plain old don't like loosing, so if life is a game, then I want to win. Yup... sore looser right here. In it to win it bitches. That being said.... I don't know what to do about treatment. The city I live in is backed waaaaay up in the mental health departments and I could be waiting for months. Also, I am very very very nervous about medication. I lost my daughter to the H1N1 vaccine and I just don't trust pharma nearly as much anymore. However, if someone has had any luck with some type of medication for borderline or PTSD or for being a guilt factory, I'm at the point where I will give something a test drive. Even at home remedies; herbal, homeopathic, shaman, psychedelic, ancient things, mantras, ... whatever. I've stopped all medications as of Nov of 2013, I don't take much for supplements occasionally vitamin D and omega oils. I smoke pot to help ease my panic attacks and anxiety, but I'm looking to cut that out of my regimen as I don't want to carry it on long term. It does help, but the stigma around it aggravates my guilt issues. Please help