What is wrong?by Sigma Echo2 » Sun Mar 15, 2015 2:35 amDear readers,Hi, I'm new to this forum. I would like someone to read my story and understand what the problem is. I'm seeing a doctor, a therapist and a psychiatrist, though none of them know the problem (after 4 months they still don't get me). It's a long story.So I start from the beginning;When I was 14 I went through a hard time. 9 month of family chaos, it wasn't physical torture but rather emotional. During these 9 months there were threats about death and suicide, physical fights, police coming and going etc. and all this stressed me to the extent of making me "handicap". By handicap I mean I couldn't do simple things like studying, go out, befriend people. During these 9 months I lived in fear because I was afraid someone at home would do something stupid (like killing each other or commit suicide), so I got this huge responsibility. I didn't sleep until the others slept to make sure they can't do anything stupid. I would usually get 4-6 hours of sleep, and bad sleep, I constantly woke up with small noises.I felt an extreme guilt and shame for choices that I had to do (I was manipulated to do and say things), but didn't want to do. I failed school big time, which was unusual. Instead of studying I started playing games all the time, and for me gaming was escaping real world.So 9 months of chaos at home, the fights were finally over. However, something was very wrong with me. I couldn't relax. I was afraid, but couldn't figure out for what. I was stressed, but didn't know what for. I was constantly depressed. And gaming was my cure. I started binge eating in secret. I left my family after this (15 years old). I left because I felt rejected, and this rejection mad me go mad. They all gave me that silent treatment (for the choices I had to make), when I once collapsed because of stomach ache, they all continued to eat their stupid breakfast nobody caring about me. They didn't talk to me.So I moved to my uncle, because they reminded me of the chaos and I was filled with anxiety, but it wasn't much good there either. He constantly screamed at me for not studying, exercising etc. All I did was gaming. I couldn't really study, I had a difficult time studying because my concentration was messed up and my memory was really bad.So 2 years went by with constant screaming and bullying by my uncle (I didn't have any contact with my family during this time).My uncle and I moved to relatives when I was 17. We lived quite close, about 20 relatives in 3 houses next to each other. And there my uncle told all my relatives to start bully and reject me (he acknowledged later that he did tell them to do it, even though I knew it was him). They called me things and when I answered I was always the one wrong, when they hit me, I wasn't allowed to defend myself, and they wouldn't let me spend any money on anything while my cousins were allowed. Then came the rejection, which led to further isolation. But, this rejection was a turning point for me. The rejection and bullying by my relatives made me so angry, I was close to really hurt them badly. I was about to lose control. But instead I tempered down. It took me about 2-3 months to cool down, but not only that. During these 2-3 months I kind of formed a new "me". I started thinking about justice, about how I would have revenge (not physical, but inflict emotional pain on those who had hurt me). I mourned my past, I cried often, I had crazy mood swings, I processed what had happened in the past. I formed new plans in life. I forgave my family, but not my relatives, they were constantly in my head. Justice was there, my thoughts circled about how I should achieve justice. As childish as it may sound I also started seeing this world in either good or bad, often bad. I became more suspicious generally speaking. But the good side to all this is, one morning, after 2-3 months of "installing" a new way of thinking, or just a new "me", I got out of my depression. I stopped thinking about the past. I woke up that morning and I was happy, energized. That day I thought it was something temporarily, but it wasn't, it just continued. My thoughts about justice and revenge were there, but I wasn't messed up. My concentration improved, I could remember things better now (like what I said, what I did, facts, etc.). I could meet my family, and there was no anxiety or stress. I was stable.So I started studying again, and it went well. 3 years of studying and I got A+ on all subjects, and I got in to medical school. Stress was nothing for me, I could handle it. During these 3 years I was also bullied, but didn't impact me much, teachers were on my side. I could feel happiness again.I'm not saying I was perfect, I had new issues after the 2-3 months, but they didn't disturb me. These were difficulty expressing emotions or receiving any, difficulty attaching to others. I didn't isolate myself though, I loved meeting people and joke. I also copied behaviors of people, subconsciously, I only got aware I wasn't myself when someone told me. This isn't DID, because I had no change of plans, or amnesia, I was just myself, but it might have been adjustment...But here's how I crash again.Before medical school started (spring+summer), there was chaos again in the family. It started first with me stopping to think about my future, and thinking about my past. Slowly, I started isolating myself from everyone. The energy I had, it was going down. I became depressed but not that strong, it was shifting between depression and "not-depression". I became very doubtful about my future and performance. I had that feeling I was becoming the same person as before (when I was 14). 6 months of fighting, it was instensified the last month which reminded me A LOT about the first time the chaos started (when I was 14). I started isolating myself. Then one day, I felt rejected by family again. This rejection might have been real or just how I perceived things. However, I had a panic attack. The first time I had one and during this panic attack I feared 3 things, 1 which I think is related to my problem. That significant fear was fear of loneliness. Not the kind of loneliness we all know about, but the on you feel after rejection. It went on for 15-30 minutes. During this panic attack it felt as if my mind and body were separate, and it was really intensive. I have had that feeling before (mind and body separate), but those weren't unpleasant, rather relaxing. This one did something to me, like it was a transformation.I'm still not sure if this panic attack meant all my "barriers" I had built were now gone. Directly after this panic attack, I started having negative thoughts, constant depression, I couldn't concentrate, my memory was messed up again. I was stressed again for no apparent reason. Anxiety was there too.Only 1 person noticed I wasn't feeling well, and when she pointed that out I kind of put on a "mask". A fake smile, fake behavior, I didn't want to be noticed. I isolated more. So I failed medical school, I stopped going to lectures and so on. I broke contact with my friends. I held minimal contact with family and relatives. I started binge eating everyday. The more stressed the more depressed (and binge eating). So after failing I dropped out. I got peace of mind for 1 month, and I thought I was ready again to study, so I applied again to another medical school, but I lived in denial, or I was too quick to judge. It went OK the first month in studies, because it was a very easy course which didn't require much brain. But when the real subjects started, I slowly crashed. The stress was too much. I can tell you the subjects in med school are much easier than secondary school. It was my stress sensitivity. The stress was killing me, and difficulty concentrating, and bad memory.So I failed university second time, however, they accepted me for a third time, but I'm not allowed to come back until I'm good again. So I requested a study break and still have my position. After study break I started meeting therapists, doctors and psychiatrist. 4 months have gone now and they don't know what my problem is. One of the doctors suggested I have PTSD, but she wasn't sure. Some things I didn't mention that I got after the panic attack; I sleep really bad. It takes me about 1 hour 30 min to 2 hours to fall asleep. During my sleep I wake up hundreds of times to noises, bad dreams (mostly my dreams which are about my past, family). I have a difficulty waking up. 3 kinds of depression (sorry for how I express it, but it's difficult to explain); 1 which is constant but mild, one which I get after getting stressed (even minor stress), and another which I get after anxiety. I'm very easily startled(this was gone when I was good). I once stabbed a guy with a knife for scaring me which is quite unusual. Emotional numbness which was disturbing yet relaxing. Easily irritated, get angry very fast and it's explosive. Isolation. During all this time I can laugh, but I can't feel happiness, and I'm negative all the time. Meeting people makes my symptoms worse, it's the anxiety it makes me dissociate and then depressed.I don't know if it's related, but ever since the panic attack there has been some sort of pressure in the middle of my skull (brain?). It doesn't hurt, but it's annoying. I had the same feeling in the past, as if someone is squeezing a small part of my brain. This "pressure" was gone when I got out of the problem, my head felt light in a good way.Twitchy muscles in arms, legs, shoulders, fingers, left eyelid. Left-sided headache. Irregular irritating blinking which hurts.Anyway, what do you guys think, and what should I do to fix this madness?Doctor said it's not bipolar disorder, but only suggested PTSD with uncertainty. I'm still meeting psychiatrist but it takes such a long time, I'm getting really frustrated and angry.Other problems I've had in the past and still have but has never disturbed me; Nail biting. I do it when stressed or anxious. Even when I was good I did it.I'm a very sensitive person, so please don't call me weak or anything. Everyone is different.I appreciate any answer, thank you.Btw, I live in Swedish, excuse my English.Feel free to tell me if something is unclear.Greetings