multiple child rape and incestby keikei » Tue Aug 05, 2014 11:32 pmFirst time posting, this is probably in the wrong place. Sorry.I have a child abuse history containing repetitive acts of violent rape, molestation, and incest starting at age 5 and ceasing at age 22. Tried therapy for a short while in high school before dropping out because of social problems at age 14. I was diagnosed with PTSD. Seemed appropriate. Stopped therapy and meds at 18. Couldn't afford them.As the years have gone on I am staring to waiver and question my diagnosis. I've had long strings of friends, jobs, boyfriends. I get bored or am unreliable, and they end. It's never been much of a big deal to me because.. I can always just get another.The substance abuse and negative coping mechanisms still remain in some aspects: I can binge drink like none other, I can eat until I keel over from physical pain, I could lay in bed and sleep for 8 days without showering, etc. I do however no longer use any illegal substances... but I know that I could without the slightest remorse. I have flash backs and panic episodes infrequently. I feel alone as I always have- because no matter how often you explain those occurrences to friends, or family, or your significant other that you live with- no one really understands and they usually forget how differently a person with PTSD interprets and reacts to the world around them. So I just gave up. Stopped trying to explain myself. Instead I'll make excuses. Or I will lie.And I am one hell of a liar. I do not feel remorse or guilt for lying the way I might think a 'normal' individual would/does. I feel no connection to sex. I never have (since it became consensual, anyway.) I have strayed from the path of "right" and far into the "wrong" many times. It does not affect me. I can lie, cheat, steal, manipulate... do terrible, terrible illegal things- but keep them a secret from everyone else around me.I used to think I needed people, that I loved them: best friends, some family, boyfriends. But after all the years I've realized I am able to turn my back on any and all of them quite easily. I've done it again and again. I can move on in the blink of an eye and be callous and cruel without hesitation. And some of the people I do keep in my life that think they know me the best- barely know me at all. It feels as if I have multiple secret lives.I don't think I'm a sociopath. I've never hurt anyone physically. I have felt pain and deep depression, I have anxiety at times. But I feel completely dissociated from everyone, everything. Alone- but not lonely. I am socially gifted, attractive, and apparently charismatic. But social interaction is put-on for me; it's a show- and after some time it's quite draining.I think if I made my mind up, I could do terrible things with no conscience. The only reason I try now is out of the desire to maintain a "normal" relationship with my significant other. He doesn't know all of me but he knows the parts I've chosen to show, and he loves me for those. I think I love him too. But, deep down I know if he left me tomorrow.. I would change and do whatever I had to do to keep going and not look back.Is this normal for PTSD?Idk