Reading all your comments made me cry. I was diagnosed w...Posted over a year agoReading all your comments made me cry.I was diagnosed with ptsd (I won't give it capital letters - it doesn't deserve it) 18 months ago, and was injured 5 years ago. It is an injury to our psychological defence mechanisms, and we are not going mad. We need time and gentleness to ourselves to recover.Like previous posts I was let down by my employer, their own psychologists, the hospital system etc etc. I work in the area of child abuse, and won't talk about what happened to me because it is all too horrible.I understand the rages and the awful 'out of control' feelings, and the flashbacks, and how scared I have felt at times that I have had to leave places really urgently. I have struggled with having no money, addiction, and such withdrawal that my children had to visit me to make sure I was alive. The were also many times that I felt it would have been easier to have just stopped living. I should have been hospitalised at that point, but I did not want to do that. So armed with Foxtel (for when I couldn't sleep) and loads of pot and alcohol, I withdrew from the world.I continued to go to work despite the depression, stress etc until finally after breaking my legs 3 times my body wouldn't do it any more. Even after 3 admissions to hospital, confessed alcohol and drug abuse, enormous amounts of time off work, no-one connected the dots.I knew of a good therapist and went to him, and eureka a diagnosis.It was a relief of sorts, at least I had a label I could work with!My well meaning family were not very helful, and made suggestions like &quot;why don't you get a part time job to get you out of youself&quot;, when what I really craved and craved was validation and solace. Especially validation. I found myself screaming at people in shops, breaking windows, and being all round generally aggessive, most unlike me. I was irritated by small slights, and anything to do with children. I was abusive and argumentative, and alternately sobbing and childlike. I cannot imagine what family members thought of me.I could not manage to clean my house (still a problem)or care for myself in any way (getting better).How do we come back from this? I only know what has helped me, and that has been slowing down, letting it happen, and a good safety plan.When I am beset by visual intrusions and thoughts, I found in the beginning that I just had to do what felt right, crosswords, walking, aqua, tv (lots of that) self pampering (that should be first) and writing a journal. Poetry and painting were an outlet too (you don't have to create a masterpiece!) and meditation. When I discovered a combination that worked ie. made me less anxious, I immediately returned to doing whatever that was, and now it is part of my recovery program. Also essential is really good healthy food.I don't drink anymore, but still struggle with pot.My workplace has a program of rehab. but I won't go back to child protection. So here I am, a 55year old social worker, who can't work in her chosen profession with all those years of experience wasted.I have cried and cried over the loss of my future in child protection, knowing that I was good at my job. My employers have been the pits in assisting me, and despite the prevalence of ptsd in child protection workers, they offer no help other than that offered by their insurance company, and we all know what insurance companies are like.I have tried to find places to meet up with other people with ptsd because I believe it to be effective to recovery, but to no avail in my neck of the woods. I would be really interested in talking to others because I know what the isolation feels like and live it every day now that I have only one friend left!! I have managed to scare the others away - not true, but I have been really really selective in who I choose to hang out with. Any whiff of ambivilence or anything that is not in my best interest and they're gone. Do others feel that way? I just can't deal with superficiality any more or game playing by people. I have become this brutally and scarily honest person lacking in any tact. I hope it gets better...I wish you all well, and hope that your recovery is smooth.