Tolerating Good Feelings (or Just Feeling "okay")I seem to have two personal states of "normal" (my normal): depressive, fatigued, in pain...or excited and like I'm pushing my own gas pedal. If I feel "good" (like no pain or exhaustion) it's easy to tip into feeling a little bit inwardly high...and instead of just staying where I'm at I actually feel a strong compulsion to smoke a lot and get further wired. I over-do it all, and crash.It's like I can't handle feeling good. Or even just "okay." On a scale from 0-10, if 0 is dead and 10 is super-manic-vibrant-alive....I actually prefer being somewhere around a 2-4 because it feels like a sort of inner tone I can control somewhat. I can't handle uncontrollable pain well...but constant dull pain and sense of blurriness seems to help me just "be." My therapist is helpful for understanding this and not pushing me to have good feelings all the time. I am consciously working on creating some more positive experiences, but also making sure they are subtle.I know this might sound sort of bipolar. I've never been diagnosed with bipolar and I don't really relate to it. I'm really this low level 2-4 for years at a time, suffering somewhat from some kind of pain or self-destruction, with manic-like good days just scattered quite randomly and in response to being just healthy. So it's pretty well controlled, I'd say...but I just don't know how I'd handle being "happy". Feeling healthy also feels very uncomfortable. Partly all related to really old feelings about not feeling like I deserve to be alive or feel alive (or have typical good feelings like joy, happiness, comfort, love, etc). I feel like the beliefs are changed but all of this weird stuff is stuck in my physiology. All my cells resist feeling okay. "Okay" is feeling nothing at all, or some kind of suffering.I'm also working on tolerating small bits of typically negative feelings like sadness. Basically I could sum this up by saying I prefer a certain amount of numbness and when that subsides for some reason....I go into some kind of flight and add to it with more stimulants until I'm numbed out in the other direction...just buzzing and crashing into walls, pacing, gladly distracted by 1,000 things, and disconnected from my body again...just at a different spectrum. Like inner collapse vs floating outside myself. Not sure if any of this makes any sense (feels very hard to describe). But it's a thing i'm working on....and helpful to say that no, I don't really want to feel good...and I don't need any pity because my constant pain and numbness does something for me.