Is this normal for PTSD? MASSIVE relapse? *triggers*by texas_mommy » Thu Aug 21, 2014 7:16 pmI have been in therapy for 3 years, and I was doing so well. I went from having panic attacks every day to being relatively normal. Out of nowhere, I started feeling panicky again for about a week, feeling like a panic attack is close. I will be honest in saying that I did not even try all week to stay positive as my therapist has been teaching me. I think I have just mentally given up, as I dont see an end in sight to this mess. I went to a bar, and I dont know what happened, but I drank a little, and somehow every PTSD symptom came roaring back. I think it is because I am about to start taking my last 3 classes, which are the most difficult classes of my career, at the same time as having to go back to work. I seriously lost my mind and intentionally went home and got ridiculously drunk, which started a fight with my husband. After this I went into such a depression that the next day I wanted to kill myself. I just lost it again, and didnt care about anything but destroying myself. I just started feeling enraged at everything, and I just wanted to stab myself over and over. My husband tried to stop me from leaving the house, and I told him I hated him and left in my car. Husband called my therapist, and when my therapist called me, at first I was in tears wanting him to help me, (after he called me where I was late at night in my car) I even begged him to stay on the phone or I was afraid I would hurt myself, but then I suddenly got angry again and told my therapist to leave me the hell alone and to stay away from me, and I hung up on him. Somehow later I came to myself mentally, and went home, with only minimal damage to my wrist. (I brought a knife with me). I was too afraid to go to the hospital because I have an ex husband who would use it against me since I have a 5 year old. Now this has mess has passed and I am clear headed again, but now I dont know what to do. I am scared to face my therapist, and my husband is afraid to leave me alone. Has anyone been through this? What could make me lose my mind like that after doing so well? Im not sure I have ever been in such a rage that I couldnt think straight. This was how I was as a teen, and I have a huge scar on my wrist from attempting suicide, but nothing like this has happened in 5 years. All week I have been afraid to sleep because I have nightmares about evil spirits attacking me. Im just praying I am not the only one experiencing this. I mean my therapist was just telling me how well I was recovering, and then I reverted back to pre-therapy times. Has anyone else experienced this? 