All-or-nothing EmotionsIt's a nasty pattern. One thing frustrates me or I feel like I f*cked up and I toss out everything good and can't seem to do anything to feel good....anything that feels mildly good doesn't jive with my bad energy, or something like that.This isn't quite like black-and-white thinking (I'm actually a very gray thinker and my colleagues appreciate my ability to take perspective and help others see all the shades). But it is very much an emotional thing or black-and-white turned at myself. It's been sort of bad recently because I feel like I've stormed through another small list of potential good resources without enough practice using them (sound, movement, etc). And really, when I don't feel good, I don't want do help myself...I want to crawl into a cave where I belong. I tolerate good feelings very very lightly and I don't trust them. So even when I find a positive resource of some sort, I resist going back to it and finding out it no longer works.This all seemed to become an especially frustrating issue after I had to quit my main music gig because of joint deterioration. It was where "good" feelings were okay. Now I can't find any kind of balance. I avoid people because I'm just unhappy and not fun to be around. And bad feelings and experiences are just magnified. I seem to have fewer meltdowns, which is great, but near-constant grief and loathing and feeling stuck. I had to quit physical therapy because I can't tolerate the bad feelings and loathing involved in that, so I feel horrible for that plus quitting and being at another dead end. #($@?*  Plus chronic pain and not even knowing if I care about it anymore or what difference it would make if I didn't have it. I'm really tired of my life.I know I need to figure out the right tools/skills/resources for this place and not drag myself into furtherdepression and pain. I just haven't found them yet. My therapist understands this is a pattern and that I also can't push myself to feel good...but also try to not throw everything out all together when one thing goes wrong, if that makes sense. I superimpose one bad feeling or experience onto my every cell and waking moment. I feel toxic to myself and since I appreciate being sober, I can't seem to get away.Going to put on some music and exercise...just because that's a good idea...and hope I can shift something, but my expectations are extremely low because that feels reasonable given how I run myself into walls all the time.