Regarding Sadistic Peopleby Kenneth » Thu Jul 26, 2012 1:56 amThis has been bothering me for most of my life. Is anyone else sickened by sadistic people? I run into them frequently. Ever since I was a child, I noticed that some kids were born enjoying other people's suffering. At one point, I saw this kid throwing glass bottles all over the playground and spraying random people with water. He really could have hurt someone, but his parents did nothing. He seemed to enjoy watching people get wet even if they did not want to. Then there's kids who torture insects as soon as they are able to walk and talk. This seven-year-old black kid once referred to me as, "Hey, ching chong chang."When I was a teenager, this black kid pointed a laser pointer right into my eye. His friends thought he was hilarious, one of them commenting, "Yo, that #######2 be movin." In another incident in high school, a teacher told the class a story in which a man made a failed attempt to commit suicide and was locked up for being suicidal. One of the students, a white teenager, said, "Ha, ha," in a tone similar to Nelson from the Simpsons.Unfortunately, this did influence me negatively. I too began laughing at other people's misery. It was not because I genuinely enjoyed it. It was because I thought it would make me look tough. It's a good thing I know as an adult that there's nothing cool about laughing at other people's misery. I wouldn't even laugh at my worst enemy even if he deserved it. Then there's that incident in which a black girl was openly making fun of Asians and because I defended myself, I was removed from the class. I mentioned that about a year ago on this forum. There's so much evil out there. Seemingly "good" people change when placed in unusual situations, like when they stand a chance to gain financial rewards at the expense of others, or when they sacrifice someone else's well-being for the sake of themselves. I'm starting to lose the will to fight for what I believe in because it seems like human beings in general suck. That, and I'm a loser.