I have been diagnosed as suffering from post traumatic s...Posted over a year agoI have been diagnosed as suffering from post traumatic stress disorder following service with the Army in the Gulf in 2003. I was discharged from the Army after about a year when my depression got to such a severe state that I was unable to work. During my last months in the Army I started CBT, but as soon as they knew I was to be discharged this ceased. I received no continuation of therapy on the NHS, and I am still on a huge waiting list for Psychotherapy. The isolation that I feel often feels worse than the condition itself, as not many people know about the condition. I have also had trouble in finding out about the range of symptoms you can experience with PTSD, and I went through a stage of thinking I was losing my marbles as I was becoming very angry and agressive. This condition has at times put immense stress on my relationship, although I am very lucky to have a very understanding partner. I am seen by a Community Psychiatric Nurse very irregularly, and she shows little sign of understanding my condition. In all I feel very let down by the NHS, who have pretty much left me to it. Luckily, the 3 suicide attempts have not been successful but I live in fear of my world falling apart yet again.I suffer from horrific flashbacks, and nightmares which seem to be getting worse instead of better. Sometimes these nightmares seem not to relate to any trauma I have experienced, although I suppose in a roundabout way they are.The biggest help I have found so far is in talking to my partner openly, especially when I have had disturbing flashbacks or nightmares, as someone who has not experienced this for themselves is highly unlikely to understand the intensity of the visions and dreams unless you explain it. I found it just isn't enough to say I had a bad dream and then spending days playing it over and over. I am far from cured, in fact my rehabilitation hasn't even begun, but I am learning every day of new ways to deal with this, from talking about it, to spending the day under a duvet and shutting out the big bad world.I hope that one day all sufferers of this debilitating and distressing condition, will recieve the help that they need early on and don't have to suffer like me for almost 2 years.