 Relapse ...I bumped into my motherI haven't posted here in a long time. I felt it wasn't good for me because I absolutely hate the thought of people giving me any kind of attention. I hate reflecting on the fact that when one thing gets better I am still stuck with everything else. I also hate the fact that nothing ever changes for me. I ask for advice, people give me amazing help on here but the doctors just do not want to help me and there is only so much people can do before I feel like a drain or a real let down  . I didn't know where else to go, where else to write so I'm sorry . My number one coping mechanism to deal with my childhood has always been to disassociate from it. When I wrote about some of it briefly on here for the first time or told the doctors it is as though I'm recalling it from somebody else's mind. I have never dealt with it because it's too much for me if that makes sense. _________I have managed to avoid bumping into my mother for two/three years, that was until 8 weeks ago at the job centre . I had an appointment with my DEA as I opened the door to the first floor I fiound my mother sitting at the desk with my adviser no further than 3 feet away .I almost collapsed, ushering the security guard over desperately to the hallway because I couldn't physically walk in and had no choice in attending the appointment, so I couldn't run off. He took me to another room on the other side, walking me round the corner (so she didn't see me) into a private room. My DEA , she was absolutely mortified this had happened (she was aware of my problems with my mother) and it's safe to say she's put so many things in place to ensure it never happens again. As much as I know she will ensure we are never in the job centre again, I no longer feel safe. Ever since this happened I am being triggered left right and centre even worse than I was when she left around three years ago. My symptoms have just gone from being 'manageable' to out of control. I have been unable to leave the house unassisted and can no longer go to the job centre alone. I'm back to square one with my fear of humans, my ED is back with a vengeance, self harm is horrific and the agoraphobia is severe again . I have been suffering from a plague of anxiety and panic attacks constantly. Worse than I have ever experienced. Things from my brain are just sort of 'leaking out' for want of a better word, horrific memories, horrible things that have been said to me, associations and its affecting me really badly. If anyone says certain phrases or makes certain noises I start panicking and end up in fits of tears. My temper is also back to square one, I'm snappy angry and terrified lashing out at my friend and the other small number of people I have contact with. I couldn't hate myself any more . I didn't need this. I didn't want to feel any more pathetic. I'm not sure how to cope, what to do or anything at the moment. I'm 24 , I've never had a job, I'm pathetic. I still don't have a diagnosis for this which is is the worst part because it's like my mother told them not to believe me. The psychiatrist couldn't care less and they never even sent me my next appointment I hate myself because I can't stop the reactions and I need help Bethe