Thank you to the person who put his experiences on this ...Posted over a year agoThank you to the person who put his experiences on this site. I have just been diagnosed as having this condition, more than 2 years after a pretty horrific accident.This is the first thing I have read from a fellow sufferer and it has helped clarify it for me.I had thought my mental state:the erratic sleeping,terrifying nightmares, feelings of isolation, deeply sad emotions, emotional deadness, deep feelings of suppressed rage, periods where I have the inability to function on any level-all of this I had put down to being in pain from my injuries. It has taken 2 years, and a pro-active solicitor, to obtain an appointment with a clinical psychologist who spent over 2 hours assessing me.The diagnosis of PTSD has hit me like a ton of bricks, I always thought that as the pain reduced I would return to 'normal'. Now, I have the prospect of the physical pain reducing but the mental issues remaining.It is now 2 and a half weeks since the diagnosis, and I am worse now than before-I feel like a zombie at the moment, I do not want to do anything at all except sit and stare at the walls,cry or run away.At least knowing these symptoms are part of a recognised condition has helped a little.I know PTSD is nothing compared to what millions of people are coping with on a day-to-day basis, and I know I have a family who care, and I also understand that PTSD is the cause of these feelings..but it did help to know that someone else out there was brave enough to sit at a computer and tell people that this is 'normal' for the condition.As for treatment for me...I have no idea, my Doctor will probably get a copy of the report, but as to whether I will get help...who knows? Happily, for me, I too have a remarkable partner and great kids who keep me on the planet, but equally I dread becoming an emotional cripple and a burden on any other individual.It seems PTSD is, emotionally, all swings, roundabouts, roller coasters and big dippers all rolled into one.It's one helluva ride with no stop signs!