First time posterby aqueousandroid » Fri May 23, 2014 5:50 pmAs the subject says, this is my first time posting; I'm hopeful that hearing what my peers might have to say will help me. I want to start off by saying that I have been in therapy most of my life. I started at an early age (maybe 5? 6?) and continued well into my teens and beyond (probably stopped at 21, then a brief stint at 23). I am unsure why I entered therapy at such a young age, and if you continue reading you may be able to understand why I have no answers for this.The root of my PTSD came from back in 2000. I was 11 and living with my single-parent mother (just want to note I am extremely anxious as I type this...which is interesting since I usually have an easy time telling this story to people), who was at the time unemployed. It was early in the morning and I remember hearing screams suddenly from the garage which was attached to our kitchen. I vividly remember reaching for the brass door handle when it turned as my mother emerged through the door, engulfed in flames. "MOM!" I remember shouting, "What happened?!" (of course the dumbass kid I was, I didn't dial 911 or anything, no I just wanted to know what happened to her) and I remember her telling me "it was an accident, call the neighbor" which I did. I didn't call 911, and in a repressed way I imagine I blame myself for that. Anyway, long story short I became an orphan that day and have since lived in a mindset where the things that happened to me that day and beyond that day weren't so bad.But then there are days like today where the things that happened that day were really bad. I work at a convenience store/gas station... I know that doesn't seem like it would be FULL of triggers for me or anything....anyway last night I was cleaning one of the fancy ovens but must not have cleaned it out well enough because all of a sudden there was a bunch of smoke coming out of it. I froze and my mind kept going back to that day back in 2000, and I remember seeing my mom and her face and watching her drop and roll and her screams and it all came back to me. I fixed the problem in the store in the moment (which fortunately was nothing more than a few crumbs that needed to be cleaned out), and immediately after that went into our walk in freezer to prevent myself from bursting into tears. Apparently that's how I handle all my stress by the way, I cry. Even though I have been in therapy most of my life, I had to stop which has been good and bad for me. Good because I did learn from an early age how to manipulate therapists (turn a 45 minute session into a 5 minute one...by lying. Which I now know does me no good), and it was not beneficial for me to do so. Bad because I don't feel half the time I have someone to whom I may vent my problems. I want to join a PTSD support group but fear the others who have gone through so much more than I have. I don't want to waste other peoples' time. Getting into therapy at this particular point isn't feasible as health insurance has yet to kick in for me (yay, adulthood!), and to be honest I'm not sure that i want to do that as it in itself has a lot of triggers for me. I am looking right now for some possible coping skills. But my big thing is I want a supportive environment (online for right now) where I can possibly vent? If something triggers my Disorder, I'd like to be able to talk about it. I'd like to have an intelligent conversation about it and find ways to help me in the moment should the triggers arise again (and they always do). If this is the wrong place to do that, then I do apologize. Thanks for reading. Hope to see some responses soon.