Can I excuse my bad behavior because of PTSDby oreberry » Thu May 14, 2015 2:49 amI was molested by my own father repeatedly as a child. I am 65 now. I spent my life with a lot of problems that I attribute to this. I was diagnosed with PTSD and mood disorder a long time ago by my GP. When my detested father died at age 92 I (irrationally I admit) I wanted to make his beloved 3rd wife unhappy so I contested the will. I thought I deserved something for ruining my life. I wanted to hurt her because I knew how much he loved her. So I held up the will. I also returned the will to the attorney with "child predator" typed after his name. He had molested my step-sister too, about 8 years old. At around the same time, my 17-year-old brother had asked me if I wanted to play strip poker. I ran to the bathroom and cried. I thought he knew what was going on. My little sister was going to be alone with him but he gave me a smiling, leering look and shook his head no like he was reading my mind.Well to fast forward, my father finally died and (I had had a stroke in the interim) and I sort of "flipped out." I wrote my very successful lawyer brother that I detested him from what he did a long time ago. He wrote back and apologized and said he was just a horney teenager and did not have a clue I was being molested but maybe if I felt that way we should break contact. I agreed so many years then passed with no contact. My children have grown up not knowing anything about him or his children. His children (I just found them on FB) are beautiful and talented and don't know anything about me or their cousins. I had another stroke and my oldest brother with whom I get along said he thought my estranged brother might call me. He didn't. I found his work telephone number of the law firm where he works (this is on the other side of the country) and called him. He was silent at first like he didn't know what to make of what was happening. I said I was calling to apologize (I just thought that might open the lines of communication) and he hung up on me. I called back and it went straight to voicemail. I was sad and some tears came because I was hoping we could talk and clear the air. I am writing this because I was feeling pretty good before this happened and I'm thing writing all this down might lift me back up again. I have had a lot of depression in my life and I don't want it anymore. Thanks for listening.