I was diagnosed with PTSD about 13 or 14 years ago. The events that led to developing PTSD had started about 25 years before that. I was sexually abused as a child, as well as when I was a young adult. The sexual abuse was the major trigger. I completely erased the rapes from my mind, but they'd creep back into my dreams. I would act out violently in my sleep, punching and kicking whoever might be in bed with me. If I was alone, I might hit or kick the wall. Thanks to a number of helpful therapists over about a 20 year period of time, I've been symptom free. I've not had intrusive dreams, though I am still hyper-vigilant. I don't freak out in situations that might remind me of what happened. I took martial arts for several years, which was something I could never imagine doing before as I was in a physically violent relationship for several years. About five years ago I started having anxiety attacks. They were so severe that several times I considered calling 9-1-1 because I was sure I was going to have a heart attack any minute. They started around the time some major stresses were happening in my life. Job stress, a former partner who committed suicide, my father's health failing and conflicts in the family. I didn't think anything of it because I've dealt with stress before and therapists have helped me deal with life's little surprises. Those symptoms have progressed to the point where I can no longer take care of my basic needs. I bath maybe once a week. I might changes my clothes twice between bathing, so perhaps I change clothes twice a week. I don't eat a full meal more than a few times a week. My sleep/wake cycle is non-existent. I fall asleep on the sofa more often than in my bed. I fall asleep at friend's houses. It feels like I'm thinking in pudding. That just thinking is hard work. Many of the habits I had for years have vanished. I used to do laundry and yard work every Sunday, without fail. I paid bills twice a month and balanced my checkbook on the other weekends. Now I can't remember where my keys are, or cell phone, or many other things. I keep coming back to having had very active symptoms of PTSD for so many years, and the not so traumatic stress I went through over the past few years maybe finally fried my brain. I'm grasping at straws. I'm unemployed, so I have no insurance and can't afford to see a doctor of any sort. Suggestions anyone?