In 2001 I took my 4 year old son snowmobiling. After riding all morning we took a break next to a pond we were parked by. The water was unfrozen and very dark, about the size of a football field. I didn't think the water was any deeper than a foot or two, we were at an elev. of about 10k-11k near the Continental Divide in So. Colorado. My son was playing in the snow at the edge of pond and I decided to do some water skipping across this pond. I made it back and forth about 5 or 6 times and stopped on the other side to let my engine cool down. My son was quietly throwing snow balls into the water and having a good time. I sat there relaxing, coming down from the excitement of riding a snowmobile on water. I had my back to him, laying back on my snowmobile resting against handlebars. Out of the corner of my eye I saw movement and heard something, I turned to see the snow bank my child was standing on had fallen away into the water and he was thrashing in the water on his back. My first thought was why won’t he just stand up? I started my machine and turned towards him and raced across pond and as I got close I let off gas and reached down to him thinking I could grab him and pull him up on the snow machine and out of the water. I grab my son and pulled him towards me, at the same time to my horror I felt the snow mobile slide down my leg and felt the handlebars slide across my snow boot as it slipped under the dark water and disappeared under the surface. I lost sight of my machine after the first foot of water, the blackness I thought was the bottom was just the color of the water. Unbeknown to me this seemingly harmless pond was actually a hole, 38 feet deep straight down. No shore, just floating moss/grass about 16-24 inches thick surrounding entire diameter of the hole and extended out about 20-30 feet from the edge of hole. By the time I got to him he had drifted about six feet from the floating shore and I grabbed him and pulled him towards me and the snow machine back another 3-5 feet further from edge. He was wearing snow bibs, boot, snow cap and a large 49ers starter jacket that was 3x to big for him, but he loved it. I was wearing complete snow bibs down snowmobiling jacket heavy boots and helmet/goggles. The first few seconds the bulky clothes kept us afloat but very quickly weighed us down as they absorbed the water. I started kicking towards the grass holding my sons head above the water but we made no forward progress. He was getting heavier by the second he got so heavy that I couldn’t keep both our heads up at the same time. As I would push, his head would come up and mine would go under, I pushed him away from me towards grass and that got him a foot closer to the grassy roots. So I continued shoving him forward and swimming to him and shoving him again and again each time I pushed I would go back and under water a bit and by the time I could grab him again he would be about six inches under the surface on his back with his eyes open wide and the most terrifying look on his face. As his head would surface he would make this low whimpering sound no words just this heartbreaking whimper. We are about 2 feet from the grassy roots and snow when I thought we were going to drown, I thought I could give one more hard push and maybe he could grab the roots and pull himself out and I could just give up and slip under. I shoved with everything I had. I went back and under the surface and was able to get my face back up to look and he had barley moved. At that time I got another burst of energy and was unable to get his head back up so I shoved kick shoved his head under the rest of the time, “my thought was maybe I can get him to edge and try and revive him if he lost consciousness”. I made it to the edge he felt the roots and grass and with him pulling and me pushing he got his head above surface and up on the edge. He was out!! Omg the relief, I clung to the roots and tried to pull my self up but my legs kept swing up under the floating moss. I finally was able to squirm my body up and onto the snow. I rushed my son to my truck and started it took all his clothes off and wrapped a dry jacket around him. I took off my helmet, jacket and coat, I was barley able to get my jacket and bibs over and into the back of my truck, and it must’ve weighed 50lbs. My son is thirteen now and an as you can see I still have a complete detailed recollection of the incident. I have never brought this story up in front of my child and nor do I allow any1 to bring it up with him present. I’m hoping that being as young as he was he would be able to forget about the whole incident. Unfortunately I cannot. It’s burned into my memory; I have to force it out of my head at night to sleep. So many things trigger these memories. I have stopped snowmobiling; I threw away the watch I was wearing at the time. I burned the jacket/bibs I was wearing. I’ve gotten good at getting the thoughts out of my head, at night when I can’t sleep to change my train of thought, I will play online video games until I’m exhausted, or watch TV. I find myself staring at him when he’s asleep and crying at what could’ve been. In fact I did this last night. It’s coming up on ten years this NOV. Will it ever go away?? I stay awake at night with that image of his face under water terrified burned into my head. Sorry message is so long. I'm not even sure if I'm in right catagory. Thanks for the time; this is the first time I’ve ever written in detail about my experience. I have mixed emotions about it; it feels good and bad at the same time. Thomas