ÊMy PTSD makes my life unmanageableI had a meltdown and cried today in the middle of an NA meeting.I do not like the sober house where I am living. It is triggering to me in so many ways.One girl has been being rude and throwing temper tantrums for the past two days because she got fired from her job and seems to think it's okay to take it out on everyone else. She is also the president of the house, so I don't feel like it's a good idea to confront her. I've been here a week and I'm trying not to make enemies.One girl, who is my age, had the ludicrous idea that I should find a guy at NA to have casual sex with so I could feel better. Even for someone who didn't have my sexual abuse history, that is still horrible advice.I have been stuck here in this house. I have no car and no license and no money yet for bus tickets. I have been waiting for money to come from a few different sources. I check my bank account many times per day and I am trying not to get too obsessive with it.I may get a part-time job but I don't know if that will keep me from getting approved for Social Security Disability. I really feel that I cannot work outside the home right now due to my PTSD.Anyway, back to the meltdown. My roommate wanted to hook me up with someone from the NA meeting. Before the meeting she asked me if I had ever dated black men. I said, "Yes, a few times." She replied that there are a lot of good looking black men at the meeting that I could hook up with.At the meeting, I started looking around at the men. I didn't find anyone appealing, and I didn't want to hook up with anyone after all I had been through. I felt so overwhelmed with living here and feeling trapped and only going to meetings, and now being pressured into something that I didn't even want to do. Then I started thinking about sexual abuse and cried through the whole meeting.After we got home, I laid down for a bit then finally I was calm enough to talk to my roommate about what happened. I explained my past and that I know she is trying to help me, but that is just not what I need right now. She apologized and seemed sincere. I felt okay then.I then took a 4 hour nap. When I woke up, it was quiet for just a few minutes before the house president started yelling about someone snitching on her. She has been stomping around and yelling most of the evening. I am not even speaking to her at this point because I absolutely cannot stand her behavior.I was unable to complete my SSDI appeal today because I could not concentrate with all this drama.I'm trying to reach out and make friends outside of the house. I tried to friend a couple of NA ladies on Facebook, and I hope to hear from them...Not sure what I am going to do yet, but I really don't want to stay here much longer. I have nowhere else to go at the moment.