Lobotomy / Leucotomy In BritainDoes anyone know roughly when British quacks finally stopped committing this barbaric crime?Or how far it was perpetrated?I remember vague stories of a writer in New Zealand finding out that he'd had it done to him as a child.Reason I'm askingI was born in the mid 1960sI know that the family quack when I was a child, was willing to recommend barbaric and by then out-dated treatments, genital mutilation for one, doping me to hell for ear nose and throat infections for another.I know that my mother was very susceptible to accepting without question the pronouncements of what she saw as “authority” figures, like the quack.My mother was also highly critical that I didn't sit still and keep quiet like other people's children. As a small baby I was apparently very demanding.I have a small hole through the side of my skull, about an inch above the corner of my left eye socket. It goes through into my brain cavity. I worked that much out in my teens. There isn't a noticeable scar associated with it, but then, I don't tend to scar much.Before now, I'd never really questioned how it got there.The thought of it being inflicted, rather than some childhood accident, had never occurred – it was far too drastic, no one would do a thing like that. Would they?The past year has been like me becoming a character in one of Philip K Dick's novels – wtf was my past? It certainly wasn't what I had previously assumed that it was, and I've learned that some people do indeed do all sorts of things to others, and do them with a perfectly clear conscience.One of my ex's was a PhD level cognitive psychologist. She asked several times whether I had suffered injury / damage to my frontal lobes. I didn't take her questions particularly seriously at the time.It is ?jokingly asserted that some kids today are having their behaviour controlled by the pharmaceutical equivalent of a lobotomy. Were children in the 60s and 70s controlled by actual lobotomies?If so, could I have been one of them?And if that is the possible, how the hell would I go about finding out?