Êthoughts on service dogs?It has been recommended to me for several years now (by pdocs, therapists, and my pcp) to try to get a service dog for my ptsd. I took the step today to contact a training center about training one of my own dogs (because she already seems attuned to my dissociation, depression, and flashbacks). I'm wondering though, what she really could do at least for the dissociation. I know she could probably fit the defenition of an emotional support dog, but I'm not sure what else she could do...Does anyone have a PTSD or Depression (or any mental health issue) service dog? I was trying to look into it, and the examples they give for PTSD dogs wouldn't fit my symptoms so much. My flashbacks are mostly emotional and physical sensations. There's very little outward evidence of them. Right now, she's just more present and literally in my face when they happen. It helps in grounding... I guess I'm wondering if anyone has any thoughts on the severity of the symptoms that would warrent a "service dog" label. Also, would needing a dog around for personal accountability and safety meet the requirements of having a service dog? (I am much more self-aware and cautious when I have my dogs around vs when I am by myself. I take fewer risks when triggered, and would never attempt to harm myself around them).ÊI guess I'm questioning the professionals' understanding of what a service dog could actually do for me, and maybe get my thoughts in order around what to ask the program. Am I being unrealistic about what a service dog could do for me?Would it qualify if I need my dog to be able to help ground from either flashbacks or dissociation more effectively, remain physically safe from myself when triggered, help keep functioning when the depression gets really bad, help drag me out of a crowded/anxiety-provoking situation, stuff like that? This stuff is not necessarily a daily occurence, but when it does hit (goes in cycles of weeks or months) it is very debilitating.ÊI think I also am wondering if I'm not just enamored with the concept of being able to take my dog with me everywhere... I can see the benefits of having her there and trained during stressful situations, but is that then conceding that I'm more messed-up than I want to believe myself to be? Does getting a service dog mean I'm hopeless? If I get to a point of "remission" enough to be able to function more freely on a daily basis, would I need to give up my service dog? Will this end up making me feel as defeated as the disability determination did? while having disability helps in so many ways, it also makes me feel so hopeless about recovery and how well I can manage my life... I must be really ****ed-up to have qualified. Would having a service dog, while hugely helpful in the day-to-day of the ptsd and depression, also just prove to me how worthless I am?Ê