What Are The Steps To Getting A Service Dog?Hello, I am brand new to this forum. I was a bit hesitant to post anything, as I am very private about my struggles, but I thought I would give it a try - it may prove helpful to have a community of people who can relate to what I'm going through. Anyway, in an attempt to make my story fairly short...I've struggled with anxiety my whole life, so for quite a while I didn't think much of it. I just thought that this is the way I am and I have to find my own ways to deal with it, which is in some ways still true. However, I noticed that over the past year or so, when people ask me anything about my childhood, I seem to have a very difficult time remembering a good portion of my life (I'm 18 years old and have a hard time remembering the last 5-8 years). More recently, I have begun having terrifying nightmares where I wake up and my body is in so much pain, and mentally I am in a panicky state. I'll be driving and all of a sudden just see an image flash in front of me or walking down the hallway at home or work and see a tall man standing in a doorway, but when I take a second look there is no one there. I have not been formally diagnosed with PTSD, but I have worked in the medical field for a few years and am currently a nursing student, so I am familiar with the disorder. A few doctors that I have seen recently have also suggested it as a possibility. From February-November 2014, I became very sick all of a sudden, unable to get out of bed most days. On the days when I was able to get myself out of bed, I would lose feeling in my legs and fall on the floor or down the stairs, taking about 30 minutes to 3 hours to begin to gain the feeling back enough to stand and walk. Any time I was outside for over 30 minutes during the summer, I would be symptomatic of heat stroke, and I could barely walk a mile with out having to use an inhaler. Twice this combination of symptoms got so bad that I was rushed to the hospital twice in three days because my anxiety attacks would send myself into a seizure followed by unconsciousness. I've grown up with dogs my whole life - that part I do remember. I rode horses competitively for 10 years, spending every day at the barn with my horse and dog. Recently, though, I had to give up my dog for adoption because my living situation has been unpredictable (I was kicked out of the house at 14 to live in my car until a family took me in for about a year). I didn't think it was fair to the dog. He is in a great home now, but I've noticed that it is so much more difficult to talk myself through an anxiety attack with out the presence of a dog. I'm just wondering if you guys know anything about what it takes go get a service dog. I know that during my first counseling visit next week, I should be able to find out more information, but what do I need to know before then? Is it very difficult? Is it something therapists have a hard time agreeing to helping you with?I know this isn't the only option, but I really think that a service dog could help me quite a bit. Please share all the information you know!Thanks