ÊMultiple events and PTSDIn 2005 my wife Was diagnosed with breast cancer. She finally lost the battle in March 2010, that same time my father was diagnosed as having a severe stroke. He has no physical symptoms but has lost almost his entire memory and doesn't even really know who I am any more. 2 months later my mother died,1 month after that my brothers partner died and 3 months after that my closest uncle died. Then to kick me while I was down I was made redundant about 6 months later. I was ok to start with. Sort of numb, running on autopilot. I had a task then that was to ensure my daughters didn't give up on their dream of going to university. I'm pleased to say that they both succeeded, but the elder daughter took a year out because she couldn't get on the course she wanted. That meant that a year later they both left home within 5 days of each other. So after 54 years of living in a stable family situation I was suddenly totally alone. No job. No family within 100 miles most of my friends had moved due to work and my previous job was in a nationwide specialists group with the nearest one in Birmingham. Not exactly 5 minutes down the road from Huntingdon. At that point the previous 2 1/2 years caught up with me and I fell to bits. I have suffered from severe anxiety especially in situations which are unfamiliar to me and with people I don't know or who are in a position of authority. I managed to get a job in November 2013 as a gym instructor. After 3 weeks I fell ill with sickness and diarrhoea which then turned into a massive anxiety session lasting 8 weeks. The doc gave me diazepam short term and fluoxetine for long term. I started at 20 mg fluoxetine for 4 weeks so went through the low point at 2 weeks. Then my dose was put up to 40 mg again I had to go through the low point then my dose was upped to 60 mg. After two weeks I was told that due to my mental health they would not be renewing my contract. Various other factors including the death of a close friend and on Sunday March 9th I took a big overdose of co-codamol and went to bed not thinking I'd ever wake up. But I woke at 7 am realised what I'd done, called an ambulance and after 4 days in hospital on a drip of antidote to paracetamol metabolites I was declared fit enough to go home. No damage to liver or any permanent damage. My problem is constant flashbacks to the moment my wife died, nightmares etc. I have now been referred to the local mental health team. My question is that I believe that it is not simply anxiety and depression that I'm suffering from, but PTSD as I seem to have all the symptoms described, flashbacks, nightmares, aggressive outbursts, being unable to do almost anything I'm asked because there is so much crap flying round my mind like a million mile an hour slide show that I can't listen to things people say properly or concentrate. The only thing that brings relief is listening to music in the day and about 4 sleep aid tablets and 10 mg of diazepam and after about 3/4 hour to an hour I will doze off. Only then to be constantly waking up at least once an hour through the night.ÊIt's either that or knock m?self out with vodka which I don't like because the anxiety comes back twice as bad the following day. I am now at a loss as to what to doDoes anyone else have similar symptomsPete hill