Sufferingby caticrazy » Fri Apr 04, 2014 2:48 pmBackground - CPTSD child of narcissistic pd mother and borderline pd step-father. My childhood was him pushing his "shadow" on me while my mother tried to make me everything I wasn't. On top of that we moved around the world a lot and I never had a safe, constant anything. I was the eldest and would put myself in the way of my step-dad and my siblings. I would comfort my mother but she would get angry if she caught me crying after step-dad had had one of his 1hr/day rants at me. There was sexual abuse and other things but the thing that hurt the most was the blind eye attitude and the insistence that I was a problem child (my concentration in school was poor) even though he did touch me up and everything else..... It's amazing how a child can be convinced she somehow created or controlled situations. And how that makes them stay quiet so the outside world doesn't know what you made "the lovely parents you have!" do.Where am I now? I'm at home as usual. I can't bear the idea of leaving the house. My body is so toneless from not moving and it's a nice day but not even vanity or sunshine can move me. I know it would be good for me but either people approach me and I freak out and/or I say something stupid. Or a LOT of stupid stuff. I just can't communicate with people anymore. All that comes out is self-serving unrelated responses. I get tongue tied around people and my thoughts get jumbled.I've been in and out of therapy for years and now I can feel a lot of my emotions (although I do project onto my bf but if I'm aware of it so I'm trying to integrate and withdraw the projection) which is progress I thought but the more I can be "me" with a person, the less I can handle being the fake-it me in public. It gets more difficult to put on the persona.At least that's what it feels like; My mind is probabaly manipulating me and making me feel a certain way to get sympathy. Why am I posting here? I never post anywhere. I feel intimidated by other poeple's ability to communicate cohesively and like someone else will say or will have said what I'm about to say. I feel like I want to be heard but I don't have the right. (addendum- and like I've just gone looking for compliments and reassurance. See, i can't win! manipulative!)And, I just realised, I've become this recovering PTSD person and nothing else. Of course i can't walk around the world sharing the last 14 years of growth and set backs and trauma with 99.9% of the world! So how the hell do I become more than that while dealing with things like men in a 1m radius has become a trigger for anxiety and splitting off? I'd love to go to my friends going away drinks tonight but the thought of a Friday night pub...... Yeurgh! TL;DR I had a tough childhood that amounts to CPTSD. After a lot of work I'm able to feel my emotions and (mostly) stay in my body (not split off) and be completely myyself with a couple of people but at the expense of being able to put on the public persona. Do I need to rebuild it? Or is there any other advice someone coiuld offer?Thanks