I'm new here, I'm not sure what's going on inside my headby shamandalie » Tue Apr 28, 2015 8:50 amHi there guys,I'm new here and am not sure if I should be posting to the nightmare disorder forum or here or possibly to the insomnia forum and I'm not sure where to start. I'm a 23 year old female and my past is very complicated. I was born in a family of big scale criminals and my parents have both been convicted for numerous crimes, mostly related to selling drugs and guns. I have been in an institution and also living with some relatives during my childhood.During my early teenage years my mother got out of prison and I moved back to living with her (you should know, my country is known for being "soft on crime" and even though these are considered very serious crimes and my parents were considered extremely serious offenders 14 years ago, in here one still doesn't spend more than 5 years maximum in prison, at least not as a first time offender, and even "sentenced for life" doesn't actually hold the same meaning here).I have trouble remembering these times and the years before that. I remember seeing horrible things, so much violence, so much drug abuse and so many people dying around me. I got involved in a very young age, but I was always somehow different than my family. I think I was never cut out for that life, I always felt too much empathy for the people around me and the violence just made me sick. Also, the pressure and the stress of illegal actions and the fear of getting caught got to me so much worse than they ever did to my family. The truth is, it requires a certain kind of character to live that life and I just never had it in me.I have never considered myself depressed or suicidal, but I remember sitting alone in our house and holding a gun to my head at 16 years old just because I thought I was going insane and that was the only way to get out of the things going on in my head. Somehow I got through it, that was a turning point for me, I had a rather brief talk with my mom, just basically saying I had to get some distance. She arranged me to move out and I got my own place, I got my first job and tried to focus on studying as well and I was certain things were going to get better. This was the time the nightmares started. I've had nightmares before but this was different, so much more vivid it usually took me close to half an hour after I woke up screaming to realise they were just dreams. Little by little it got to the point where I was terrified to fall asleep and would stay up for days at a time. Needless to say, this affected my studies and my work but I had to keep going, I had nothing to fall back on.The nightmares and insomnia went on in some kind of cycles for years. There could be anywhere between days to weeks without almost any problems and then again weeks of what felt like being tortured by my own mind. During the most difficult periods I would start to seriously question my sanity again and regret not shooting myself when I had the chance. I never talked to my family about these thoughts, I have only ever told my mom I had trouble sleeping (she booked me an appointment and I got described some mild sleeping pills and when they didn't work some stronger ones, I quickly noticed that after using them and then trying to stop I would stay up for several days so eventually I didn't want to touch the pills at all).Years have gone by and I have met some extraordinary people who have helped be fight through this, even though I don't think I've ever fully explained my situation to anyone and I don't think my friends are aware of how bad of a headcase I really am. I'm the master of hiding my true feelings, something I already learned as a child, I know how to smile brightest when I actually feel like my world is collapsing.It took me a long time to find any kind of balance, but until very recently I think I spent almost 2,5 years with hardly any sleeping problems. My past events are still blurry and I can't seem to place things in order in my head, sometimes I have brief moments when I'm not sure what actually happened and what was just a dream. After these few good years I was almost sure I was getting better but about a week ago the dreams started again. They are sometimes like extremely vivid flashbacks, sometimes it's like being inside a horror movie with blood everywhere.Right now I feel exhausted and alone. I have people I can trust around me but I feel so frustrated bringing this up again when I finally thought I was going to live a relatively normal life with them, I feel like I'm letting them down. I'm sorry my post was so long and probably didn't hold together very well, my thoughts don't either. I don't even know why I'm posting this online, I guess I just need some outsiders to talk to, and to know if there's anyone who can relate to the things going on in my head? Thanks to all who take the time to read this and comment.