constant thoughts of deathby PRanger » Sat Oct 25, 2014 9:18 pmHi everyone. So I don't know what topic to put this under since the VA ruled out PTSD for this issue. I've been having thoughts(?) of me dying since I was in the military. I can't remember if it started before my deployment or after my deployment, but I remember it getting real bad when I was stateside and I was working the gate or the flight line. I remember sometimes sitting there and just almost constant visual thoughts of my dying in different scenarios. Sometimes it was so real it was as if I was really there. When it can take over, I know i'm sort of spacing out, kind of looking into nothing and thankfully it only happens when I'm usually by myself.When I was in the military it happened everyday, and didn't matter what time of the day it was. Nowadays it seems to happen mostly when I'm going to bed, and I can have these sort of day dreams for literally hours before I finally doze off. The job I I work at now, I have to work entry stations as well, and it doesn't occur all the time, it's less frequent when I'm working, but it still does occur from time to time.When I was in the military, my mental state was in a really bad place. I was extremely depressed, had that thought issue, sever back problems and had plenty of anger built up not to mention I was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis after my tour. And i wasn't always like that. Before I joined you couldn't find a happier person than me. I loved everything I was doing and life was great. Yes the military changes you in a way and you do need to handle certain stressful situations as well and the friendly but harsh comaraderie from fellow servicemen. But i don't know what it was that changed me and what made me so f'd in the head. I thought it'd be better once I left, but it didn't. For a long time things were the same. It didn't help that it was impossible for me to find a job. I couldn't get fast food, security, customer service or ANY job and that raised my as stress level as well. After a year I finally got a job but had to leave it because my problems were on an all time high. And then I had to leave my wildland fire job because of preexisting back problems. I love the job I have now. Although it's not my life long dream job, it's still one I thoroughly enjoy doing. I still have some anger issues here and there but my depression I think for the most part is gone. But these death visuals will not stop. They've been with me since they started and I have yet to see them go even for a day. I can't seem to take control of these. I'm not sure if it's because deep down inside of me, a part of me just wants to die and leave this life, but suicide is out of the question. I believe the VA didn't give me any medical term for it, they just said it was obsessive thoughts about death or something. So again, I'm not sure what to put it under.sorry if I made spelling errors or my words are jargled, I'm at work and I'm typing on my phone....