Body Flashbacks, PTSD Episodesby TuesdaysChild » Thu Sep 04, 2014 12:01 amI was reading an older thread today regarding body memories and wanted to write that 33 years later I still experience body memories. 17 years after entering therapy, I still experience flashbacks. The good news is that it much less in frequency and seems to be less intense because of the insight I now have. The bad news is that it is still hard to navigate life's frustrations while in the midst of an episode.**Trigger Warning**My mother tried to drown me twice in the bathtub. Once I was too young to remember but I kind of do yet may have mixed the latter incident with the former. The first time I was between 2-3 years old, the latter around 7-8. To this day I rarely take baths but prefer showers because of the horrible feeling I get in the middle of my chest when I am surrounded by hot water and am naked. So totally vulnerable, naked, and the feeling is best explained as the darkest of darkness, dread like I've never felt, and just voidness like the depths of evil. Hollow cold death. I only connected the feeling with baths about 6 years ago while in intense therapy. Any movies showing bathtub drownings send me into a panic attack and I must change the channel or leave the room. MUST.I struggle to this day between waxing and waning between loving and forgiving my mother and hating her after myself growing older and realizing the depths of disgust that a person would have to be inside to do something like that to a child. She was HPD and NPD and highly, highly unstable and toxic. Sometimes I daydream that the family did not keep it from our father and that he kicked the living crap out of her for it - because it would have been a blood bath had he discovered what she did. She did so many abusive things, both mentally and physically, that this barely scratches the surface and I wonder if I will ever reconcile my feelings for her. I hope I do because I feel like I am on a seesaw.Another issue that this brings up with my c-PTSD is intense white hot rage. Had she been alive now I think I would hurt her if she was present during one of these flashbacks and while the white hot rage was in full swing. I am so angry that she dared do that to me (this is where I feel I have some NPD traits with that ego coming on strong with a "HOW DARE YOU DO THAT TO MEEE!" but my therapist told me that absolutely not and indeed HOW DARE SHE DO THAT TO YOU.). But seriously, how anyone can do the things she did to her kids I'll never understand and struggle intensely with having any sort of compassion for her HPD or NPD. I struggle despite knowing how she was terribly abused by a sister growing up and how biological issues with her father at the time she as conceived was most likely a major contributor to her personality disorders. My sister is also HPD with NPD traits but not violent like my mother. I haven't spoken to her in 6 years and I don't know if I ever will because of the memories her behaviour conjures up. In fact, it was the last thing she said to me on the phone, some histrionic baloney that screamed "MOM" that made me say eff you and hang up the phone, never to take another call from her again. She is very manipulative, a liar, a smear campaigner and devious. She ticks off every characteristic in HPD. Then I feel intense guilt because I do love my mother and feel bad for all of the hatred I have for what she did to us, putting myself in her shoes and knowing that despite the hardships I would never have hurt a child in the mental and physically torturous ways that she did. It's a never ending cycle. Sometimes I do well and other times like now it rages. I was very concerned that I too could have had a PD but I was evaluated, at my urging and seeking out to be, by a panel of doctors at a mental health institute and years later my Dx of PTSD confirmed by another professional (she said it was not BPD as I had read that c-PTSD and BPD were essentially the same thing and she disagreed). She said that while c-PTSD was not in the DSM-IV at the time, she felt comfortable saying that I was Dx'd with c-PTSD because of the number of compounded traumas. I dated a male version of my mother who was sexually, verbally, mentally and physically abusive and then I realized a pattern and got my butt into therapy and left him 6 months later. That was 17 years ago. I am with a good man now, for 10 years, and I consider a lot of the real struggle behind me but it still does rear its head, and I still experience body memories. He knows everything of my youth. Sometimes he can't hear it because it enrages him and he can't believe some of the stories. He tells me to be proud of myself because my life hasn't been dictated by my childhood and that I overcame. I did, but as all of you are aware, overcoming doesn't mean not enduring. It's still a struggle, but I am grateful for my so-called "Wilful Personality" that my mother tried in vain to break like breaking in a wild horse, because I believe that it has saved my life.I feel like I've been left with a life sentence for the crime of being born (planned too, no less) and for being my own person rather than her puppet. Why in the bleep should I forgive that? I was an innocent child. I was preyed upon and won't allow her legacy to affect me through siblings with similar abusive traits. This is my life. I had no control and no choice then. I have that now.