New trauma caused horrific CPTSD relapse?by SoldiersHeart » Mon May 26, 2014 4:26 pmHi all –first time poster. I have suffered from Complex-PTSD for most of my adult life. Had a terrible relapse last fall after being with my family-abusers again. The result of the new trauma was that I got very suicidal and all my “flashback” feelings starting happening again. In addition to that, I faced one of the scariest mental problems I have ever had. I’m not sleeping well, flinching at sounds again, hypervigilant, and I’m having extreme anger problems that I‘m trying to get under control. The constant fear, anxiety, rage and tension that has stalked me for decades has returned with a vengeance. I was horrifically emotionally and physically abused as a child by “that woman who gave birth to me” (I won’t call her by the ‘M’ word), and my two older brothers, (complete with regular Police visits, hospital stays, multiple suicide attempts, lots of blood). That woman who gave birth to me had a Narcissistic personality which resulted in many negative behaviors on her part which will become clear in a moment. First let me tell you about my two older brothers: they’ve both been diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder. I was subjected to the most intense emotional crisis conditions for well over a decade in addition to daily physical beatings. I always called it "siege mentality". The irrational, obscene and violent rages they had were directed at me – the little highly sensitive girl. They savaged me every day for years with intensely violent, rage-fill beatings, gas-lighting and a kind of verbal and mental torture that I can’t even explain; and the woman who gave birth to me let them – sometimes I wonder if she got some kind of satisfaction from knowing how they hurt me. (She obviously did not ever want a daughter- something about female competition, but since she’s so mentally and emotionally ill I won’t say evil because that doesn’t help anything). But I think she may have let them hurt me on purpose. Their violence was a daily shock to my body and my psyche but the real torture was perpetrated by that woman. What she did to me was so egregious, and no one in the family would ever admit it in any way – to this day. She objectified me by using me as a tool then tossing me aside. She kept me in such emotional anguish every second of every day for her own purposes, always promising we'd leave but never doing it, then tossing me in the garbage - multiple times. I was told that whatever anguish I’m feeling is nothing and should just be ignored, (“Get over it”), which I believe is called "denial of subjectivity" - my feelings didn't matter at all. The brothers with the BPD are what matter. She always maintained that what SHE did to me was just normal familial moral support. She has spent decades telling everyone else in the family all kinds of lies and suspicions about me so no one would ever believe a word I said. I have been emotionally crippled my entire life. The last time I went on a date was in 2003. I want to heal now before my whole life slips away. In late 2012, for a variety of reasons that seemed good at the time, I made the horrendous mistake of going to be with my abusers again. My dad, whom I love very much, got cancer so I went to be with them and help out since they are very old now. (The eldest of the two brothers still lives there dependent). Big mistake. That’s how the relapse happened. I almost didn’t make it out alive. I’m back in my home state now and have cut them off completely - something I should have done decades ago. Now I am truly ready to get past them and heal.I think I may have started to break apart last fall.I am too scared to tell you what happened but I am fighting and clawing my way back to health, (well, comparative “health”). Coming to terms with the fact that I’ll never be normal. I thought for years that if I did enough ‘work’ I could fix it all but I now know that’s not possible. I’d like to come back on and talk some more about what happened to me this last year if that’s okay. I have great news about the progress I made using some very intensive Cognitive Behavioral Therapy if I can get the courage to tell others what happened to me. It is frightening. But I need to tell- I need to unburden myself. Keeping secrets is bad. I know that now. Sharing is important. If I can tell it all a couple times to people who understand and don’t instantly dismiss me, I believe that will really help. What do you think?