Dear ----, You don't know me, but I am the mother of the girl you raped. You two had been going out on a few dates, and you wanted to have sex. She said no; she was a virgin and she wasn't ready. But you wore her down. Shall I remind you of what you said: “come on, you'll like it, if you really loved me, I'm not going to go out with you anymore if you don't”. She had no idea how bad rape can be both physically and emotionally, so she gave in to you. You might have thought that was permission, but the minute you entered her, you should have known you were raping her. She was so dry and you were so rough, she screamed, she bled for days after. How could that in any way seem likeconsensual sex to you? And now four years later, she still cannot make love. She has a wonderful supportive boyfriend, but she also has PTSD. She is getting help and will eventually recover, but I want you to know - you are a rapist. Even if you were young, a little drunk, horny or any other excuse you can think of to make yourself believe you did nothing wrong, you are a rapist. I am hoping this only happened once. I am hoping this is not a pathology and that you have not done this to any other woman. I am also hoping you now have the maturity to understand what you did. Perhaps you are trying to make amends. Either way, ----, make no mistake. Rape, date rape, is a felony, and if I could, you would be in prison. Who is your mother, your father? In this day and age, how could they not teach you that no, means no? How could they not hammer that into your head, the responsibility of being a man, that being stronger and bigger and maybe more experienced, means that those weaker, smaller, less experienced are to be protected. Honestly, I don't think I know anyone like you. It's probably why my daughter was even dating you. I should have surrounded her with more assholes, more selfish, spoiled boys. I should have said, see these guys. They are players; more concerned by their own needs than the feelings of others. They may look attractive now, but by forty they will be alcoholics or drug addicts with multiple divorces if they aren't in prison. And they are selfish in bed or worse. Maybe I should have told her to never be alone in a room with a boy because you never know what can happen. Or don't have sex until you are married although that's not a guarantee either, is it. Cover up, keep your head down because guys have no control over themselves. Instead what I taught her was that she should date, a lot, and have sex when she was ready. And no, means no. And one day, when she was ready, she would meet a strong, supportive man with a ready sense of humor and strong sense of dignity, and they would both spend their lives as happy as her father and I are. But young girls, as you know, ----, can be bullied. Threatened with loss of face in their social group or the idea that it is their fault, you can rape them with impunity, pretty much. right? So, ----, if you are making amends, you need to start with my daughter. Take responsibility and apologize for the most terrible of crimes you can commit against a woman or a man. Begin by telling her it wasn't her fault. It was yours. Because you are a rapist. 