PTSD?Posted over a year agoHi I don't know if my post will make any sense but here goes.I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism in May 2013. I still remember the conversation between my doctor and I very well. In it he said "you appear to have an underactive thyroid gland."He prescribed me levothyroxine and when I went to the practice to collect the prescription script I filled out my part of the exemption form in a daze.So when I went to collect my prescription at the chemist I remember sitting in the waiting area for my medication and I overheard the dispenser who served me say to her colleague "this is a prescription for levothyroxine for that young girl. She's only just been diagnosed." Her colleague replied "Aww." That made me feel so much better.I left my job in November 2012 because of how poorly I felt and my manager was not very understanding as to why I felt so sick. I still managed to come in to work, every single day without fail, and I kept going without knowing anything about my illness. I kept going because that was the only thing I knew how to do.Even now I still cannot come to terms with my illness. I get angry when I think back to when I left my job and how I could have stayed in it had I have been diagnosed at the time. I blame myself for leaving and I keep thinking to myself how selfish I could be when my partner works and I no longer do.I have thought about looking for work because my grandparents keep going on about me doing so even though they know I am hypothyroid and they think that if I mention to any potential employer at an interview about my illness and that I took some time off to recover from it, that would perceive me as weak.I have absolutely no support network and I used to find myself going on thyroid support forums, asking the same questions over and over again - I guess because the diagnosis has not sunk in at all and I cannot process it - and when I get blood tests done that come back normal I have trouble understanding why I still feel so bad.I feel like I'm going crazy and that I am exaggerating my situation as there are people out there with so much more distressing backgrounds than myself.