Re-activation of PTSDby Prettygirlll » Wed Jan 21, 2015 11:47 amHi there, I saw a pretty old post about PTSD and bad breakups and thought I should start a fresh one.2 years ago I had a very traumatic breakup. I was madly in love and thought I was going to marry this person. But realistically, he was from a different culture and when marriage came up to his family, they threatened to disown him. To make a long story short he chose the family. But not before he changed his mind several times and after moving out (we were living together), back together, breaking up over the phone, showing up at my bus stop to beg me to take him back, breaking up over email, and finally back and forth emails for a year about the situation I've cut communication. I think the extreme emotional distress has somehow re-activated my PSTD. I was a child of an alcoholic abusive parent who himself was abused by his grand-father who also happened to be a Sapper in the 1st and 2nd world war, lost both legs and had what they called shellshock at the time (modern day PTSD). Ok, so that being said, in my late teens and early twenties I was in a very abusive relationship with someone who then stalked me for years after I ended it. He would watched me through my bedroom window, stare me down at the local pub, pay people to beat me up, there was an incident with a 22 firearm...that kind of thing. eventually he built a pipebomb and threatened to blow up my family's car if I didnt take him back. he was charged and pled no contest. At the time I was pregnant and I left my hometown, I raised the child on my own. Sorry, sad and strange story. I was never treated for PTSD but I now believe it was in full swing for many years afterwards in my 20s. I did have a lot of CBT therapy. Cut to 18 yrs later, at 37 years old..bad break-up...complete breakdown. Cold sweats, tremors, suicidal thoughts, flashbacks, severe sleep disturbances, ect. I am riddled with nightmares and I have been diagnosed with PTSD and have been doing EMDR for over a year which is helping a lot. A lot of my symptoms have improved, no longer suicidal for example. My question is, is this just a re-activation of past trauma and PTSD that I never dealt with? Or is it due to the break-up?Does anyone have tips on how to deal with nightmares..I wake up seeing someone standing on my apartment balcony with a gun aimed at me. He isn't there. I live on the 17th floor. I also constantly relive the break-up conversation in the middle of the night except I yell at my ex and pace back and forth for hours even though he's not there. It is causing me to have problems staying awake during the day among a lot of other things. My job as a Social Work now triggers me on a daily basis and I've had to take leave this year because I could no longer function at work due to flashbacks. Any helpful suggestions for grounding myself when these incidents happen?