Contacting Someone From Your Past TraumaI've been wanting for a long time now to contact a boy who I was very close to during my (and his) sexual abuse. I kept putting it off, but now I really want to talk to him. It's at a point where I'll do just about anything to talk to him again. I guess it's less of a "want" and more of a "need" to talk to him.The run down of the story is we were really close as kids. He was older (about six years.) He protected me, he loved me, he was my best friend. He moved away or back to where he was from, and I never really saw him again after that. I met him about a year and a half ago, only I didn't know who he is. He was incredibly familiar and comforting, but I just didn't quite understand how. And that's because I didn't remember the abuse (or that particular incident) until about a year after that.The thing is...I was really young, like 3/4 - and the only thing that I truly have as proof (that this guy is in fact him) is my instinct. Instinctually, I know for a fact it's him. I know it. But I was so young that I don't remember his name or anything like that. And that's what's been holding me back this whole time. No evidential proof. However, a lot of things add up in ways nothing has ever added up before. Basically, if this is simply a coincidence, then this is one hell of a freaking coincidence.ÊNow, before you guys go off on the whole "maybe he doesn't want to talk to you" thing - I'm not saying he does and I'm not saying he doesn't, but I'm not going to know until I actually talk to him. And I don't want to sit on pins and needles waiting for him to contact me, when maybe he's thinking the same thing about me.ÊMy only real problem is finding a way to contact him. I can contact people who know him, but I really don't want to do that. That seems way too intrusive. I'd rather contact him directly. Any thoughts on how to do this? Any thoughts on what to say to him? Should I find a way to do it in person? Should I call him?ÊAnd if you're telling me not to, you really need to give me a damn good reason.