Ê*Trigger warning* C-PTSD and the battle for diagnosisHi guysWhere to start with this post....Well i guess starting at the beginning is a good way to go. My 1st 7 years of life was very good, my parents were very much in love, and while we didn't have a lot financially speaking, as a family we couldn't be happier. I have many happy memory from my early years, i was always happy and laughing, i had an adventurous spirit and was always happiest while out and about exploring the local countryside, other than playing with toys indoors.ÊThen it all went wrong - my parents divorced when i was 7, my mother remarried within a year to a younger man who was mentally unstable and abusive with it, so i decided to move in with my dad. The problem being my father was also mentally unstable having endured cruel psychological abuse from earliest childhood at the hands of his mother. My parents were childhood sweethearts and got married age 16 due to my mother falling pregnant with my older sister. In the early years, my mother told me that my dad used to suffer with anxiety problems and was put on librium and vallium for some time. My living memories of my dad was that he was outwardly confident and well loved within the local community. Knowing he was well loved in the community made it that much harder to speak out about what happened next.ÊHe began grooming me - he'd cry on my shoulder over the divorce, let me have a drink with him in the home and treat me more like an adult grown up partner other than the 7-8 year old child that i was. One night, we'd been watching tv in his room, and being the fun loving mischievous child that i was i thought it would be fun if i pretended i was sleeping when it was time to move me into my own bed. What a mistake that was. He began touching and kissing my chest, his hand also went up the inside of my legs - but thankfully that night it stopped right there. When he stopped i began crying and pretended i'd just woken up from a nightmare about my guinea pig being run over - my guinea pig was the first birthday present my father got me after moving out of home and my step father had recently made me give him away due to me not cleaning out his hutch as often as i should have. I remember that first time clearly, and i am aware that i was abused regularly perhaps every night until my teens - but my memory kind of jumps from that first time, with the odd flash of a memory in between - but nothing clear until my early teens. I have no recollection of the first time anything full on happened, and therefore i don't know what it's like to lose my virginity - maybe it's a good thing that my mind blocked that out at the time - but now i think it's about time i was able to access these banished memories in order to deal with them and move on once and for all. My mother finally divorced her second husband when i was 15 and i was able to move back home with her. 2 years later my father died aged 38 of a rare disease - amyloidosis. We all grieved for him - i hadn't spoke out about what he'd done to me, and we love our parents unconditionally - so yes when he died as a family we were devastated, and even now all these years later i find death difficult to deal with as it always takes me back to that point in time.ÊI do however feel lucky that he died when i was still young, as i was finally able to speak out about what he'd done. I was very lucky and found my best friend who was physically abused as a child and also suffering with what i can now see as complex post traumatic stress. He was studying psychology at uni while i was studying it at a-level and we must have spent thousands of hours over the years discussing it both academically and personally in our attempt to come to terms with our youth. Unfortunately for my friend, he went on to encounter institutional abuse within the services while volunteering at various organisations while studying - he became aware of a paedophile ring who were using the voluntary organisations to access under 16's in order to get them prostituting the streets. There were other things too he brought to light and ended up losing his career in a massive whistleblowing case resulting in a doctor losing his license among other things, but no action was ever taken with regard to the girls as they wouldn't give a statement. That was over a decade ago now, but my friend could never get any peace from it and i think what killed him in the end was knowing there were still people out there suffering but last year he lost his fight and he took his own life. We have both been mistreated by the NHS, we have both been actively seeking help since our teens, yet neither of us were ever diagnosed with C-PTSD, instead being diagnosed with the symptoms such as anxiety and depression and offered tablets such as prozac to be dumped on them unsupervised for years. I believe my friend went on to develop more serious delusional mental health issues - what was real over a decade ago - i.e. the death threats while giving his evidence, was no longer real all these years later but he thought it was still happening now. I wasn't aware he'd been put on anti-psychotics, or that he'd stopped taking them before he died - but he was let down in the end by social services - his social worker was on holiday at the time and no one else would take on the case - it was too late by the time his social worker was back from holiday as he'd already died by then.Why are we being let down so badly - why is it so difficult to get a correct and proper diagnosis, and subsequent appropriate treatment?My own experience with the medical services isn't great either. I was sent as an outpatient in my late teens to our local mental health hospital - i was seen by a psychiatrist who put me on prozac and diagnosed me with anxiety. My own gp is less than useless as i feel most of the time he thinks i'm just making it up. I also seen a psychiatric nurse in my late teens - just after returning from a service user led forum entitled breaking the silence - all about survivors of child sexual abuse and their negative experiences of the medical services. Of course the nurse wasn't too pleased when i started telling her all about it and in the end she got so aggressive with me that i had to leave in floods of tears. The prozac must have worked a little when i first took them, as i was able to get a proper job working for benefit fraud and i was doing ok for my first 6 months. Then i think the tablets were becoming less effective and in the end i decided to come off them on my own. My working relationships suffered as a result and in the end i was bullied out of there - well i handed in my notice to move to ibiza with a moroccan lad - but it was a case of walk or be pushed. I came home from sunny ibiza not too long after when it didn't work out there, still not feeling well i returned to my doctors where i was offered 6 hours of cognitive therapy. The result of this is that i should go to uni and find my self esteem there. I did go to uni - but had no help or support at all. I tried prozac again, and i also tried citalopram - elevated doses of both but i found they done nothing to help with my symptoms and only made me feel physically ill. I had full on panic attacks the whole time i was studying - it was worse while on my placement year in my local authority - having to rush out of official inspections due to sweating and shaking uncontrollably and feeling sick. I felt very isolated and alone and very much judged by my colleagues for my panic attacks. I already felt judged and victimised because of them by the vast majority of my fellow students too - but that year out was so isolating. One of the lads on the course had been diagnosed with lymphoma that year - we were friendly in uni and he was one of the few who didn't judge me - i used to call him up a lot to see how he was doing and i remember feeling that i wish i could have just swapped places with him as he had so much more to offer our chosen profession than i ever could. Sadly, he lost his fight at the end of that year, but i still wish it could have been me and not him.ÊI tried getting help in uni - they were marvelous once i told them what i was dealing with - granted me extensions, tried to get me funding so student services could give me lots of support - but my doctor wrote just a single sentence when i asked him to write a letter on my behalf - nowhere near enough to get me the funding and additional support. Long and the short of it i didn't end up graduating - i got as far as the end of my final year gaining many 1sts and 2:1's along the way - what i didn't do however was one final piece of coursework and one dissertation. Failing at the last hurdle like that almost destroyed me - i should have graduated in 2009 - ever since i have been in a state of severe depression - i still have regular panic attacks and just feel so vulnerable all the time. I don't feel capable of work with such symptoms so i am trying to live on just £100 a week. My C-PTSD also affects my personal relationships - i have not had a relationship since that moroccan lad in my early 20's as i don't deal with emotional issues as an adult - i deal with them as a child and i can't go through another bad relationship. Also i have isolated myself from all my old friends - the one i lost last year was the only one i really stayed in touch with - however this year i have been in touch with an old girl friend from school and i spend an evening a week with her and her family catching up on the good old days. I feel this is doing me some good, although i worry that i may mess things up there as i have found myself having to bite my tongue a few times and hold back this aggression which is building up and getting worse as the years go by. It doesn't take a lot to anger me these days - although hormones are also getting worse with age so could be related to that.Anyway - after failing at uni, and after the full year of counseling with new pathways didn't get anywhere, i went back to my doctor who referred me to a community mental health board - a psychiatric nurse and a social worker. After asking me a series of closed questions the nurse told me that basically as i wasn't delusional or insane there was nothing wrong with me and they couldn't help me. With my life being completely crippled by my still undiagnosed C-PTSD i broke down at this news sobbed like a baby and then i was shocked when the nurse got very aggressive with me - accused me of being aggressive through my tears - told me she would refer me to a psychologist for a second opinion if i wanted - which i said yes please. However she continued with her aggressive stance, escalating the situation until in the end i had no choice to leave in floods of tears again and she never referred me for that second opinion. I cannot believe how unprofessional this nurse was - the social worker looked very shocked by it all too - i should have complained but we never do when we feel so shit about ourselves - even if i was being aggressive through my tears well aggression is a symptom of ptsd so there is no way the nurse should have responded with aggression back. After this experience i gave up on the medical services believing there is no help out there. I escaped to the dark world of BDSM instead in search of a dominant male partner - if i could just find a nice old fashioned honourable dom out there then i could surrender myself to them and let them shape my life for me and teach me to be a whole person - i could be safe at last. The problem with that is that there is only about 1% of the good old fashioned honourable type out there - the rest are just in it for themselves and seeking to take advantage. For over 2 years i was in touch via skype and phone to someone who claimed they were a dom. For over 2 years he played me good and proper - i thought i was in love with him but i can see now i only felt that way because of the game he was playing. I strongly believe he is some kind of human trafficker - he was attempting to groom me into accepting abuse and no limits - he was an extremely intellectual individual and was very clever in the games he played - being mr nice guy for at least 6 months making me feel like i could trust him as he was so open minded and wouldn't judge me - i told him things i never even told my counselor. Then things changed and he became a completely different person - trying to bully phone sex out of me but not just normal phone sex either but repeating back disgusting things around my abuse. He'd told me he could help me, had helped others in the past by kind of reliving it but to be shown love and respect for doing so - that counseling would never work but his method had healed people. I finally woke up to his games when chatting online to a trained therapist (also dom seeking d/s as a lifestyle) who pointed out this other guys behaviour was your classic text book abuser - so i read up on abuser profiles and particularly with adult grooming for abuse - and yes it was all there. I also read up on narcissism and sociopathy and yes the signs were there for those too. This whole experience has led me to go back to my doctors and continue with my fight for diagnosis and correct treatment - knowing i'm still vulnerable to grooming even as an adult has made me feel even more vulnerable, and i don't want to be vulnerable anymore. I have returned to my doctor who told me he was referring me to a psychiatrist - however when my letter came it looks like it will just be another meeting like i had before - kind of like triage for mental health. Given that i've had such negative experiences in the past with psychiatric nurses i'm a little nervous about my upcoming appointment. My appointment is thursday this week - i don't know how i'll cope if they just tell me the same as they did last time. I have no life at all, i'm 35 tomorrow and still living at home with my mother. I am unable to work due to my panic attacks and as previously stated have no emotional life to speak of either - yesterday i almost self harmed, i am suicidal the majority of the time and am finding such feelings just get worse with age - it's not hard to see why my friend ended his life in his 35th year - this is around the time when you wake up and realise you're middle aged and still no life to speak of.How do i go about getting this condition diagnosed, and how do i go about getting the right treatment - i am a little worried looking at the nhs leaflets as they like to treat it with CBT (which i've already had a little of) and EMDR - i have an old school friend who is also a psychiatric nurse and she seems to think this EMDR is a good treatment, more effective than regression therapy and far less time to wait - but personally i really feel that it is my unconscious mind which is holding me back and where all my troubles are coming from - i'd be a lot happier if i could confront my unconcious mind once and for all other than to bypass it with this EMDR - i guess i'm worried if i bypass it then one day it may rear it's ugly head once more.Any advice would be much appreciated - thanks for taking the time to read my post.Xx