Abortion and Post Traumatic Stress DisorderPosted over a year agoI aborted a wanted planned pregnancy in 1999. I have no children as this was followed by an early menopause. Since then I have ruined my life through acting self destructively and irrationally resulting in loss of my job and home and life savings. I think I have been punishing myself. Although the abortion was 13 years ago I still have nightmares about it most nights and consequently I am afraid to go to bed at night so I get only 3 or 4 hours sleep and am constantly exhausted. I cannot look after myself anymore. I used to keep my home nice but now it is like a rubbish tip. I cannot look after my home or prepare meals for myself and I dont look after myself ie I dont wash or change my clothes for days. I cant take decisions as I am frozen with fear. Although this was so long ago, just yesterday I burst into tears in the supermarket when I accidentally walked past the children's clothes department. I have to walk out of the room/shop whenever I see a pregnant woman or a baby photo or if I overhear some other woman talking about her children or grandchildren. Finally, my GP has referred me to a short counselling service, which so far has been no help. The counsellor says I have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. I cannot live with the guilt of murdering my own baby and feel suicidal though I am too cowardly to do anything about it, so I cant even get any release there. I feel that I deserve to go to prison. I cry every day. I often cry when I am driving the car, which I know could be dangerous and once I could not drive the car any further because I was crying and so I was stuck in the middle of the road and a passer by called the police who came and took my car off me and moved it to the side of the road, as I could do nothing because I felt frozen with grief. I hate myself. I've never met anyone else in my position so I dont have anyone to talk to about this. I suppose to summarise, my question is where can I go for help with post traumatic stress please? Are there any books or support groups that might be helpful?