Do I have PTSD?by Los4Muros » Wed Dec 10, 2014 12:30 amHi! I've been diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome and ADHD-iT. I've always had big issues with my parents, specially with my father. He grew up in a ranch in Mexico, so he doesn't believe in many things like technology, hates cellphones, thinks computers keeps us away from the real world, etc. He's always been a big problem for the family. Used to hit my mother and me. Would make us work in a Tire Shop he used to own and mainly he considered himself the boss. One day, my mom kicked him out of the house and everything was going well. Of course, things weren't perfect, but things got a bit better.Then he decided to come back, he said he regretted everything and my mom accepted him back. But that's when the problems began. I used to get into fights with my mom. Then she joined Jehova's Witness, where she was told that the man of the family is he who takes decisions and guides the rest.Anyway, I started cutting, I stopped talking to my mother for about six months and if she touched me, i would push her (I don't like to be touched). Anyway, I decided to move to Albuquerque, New Mexico to get away from everything, mainly because the last cut was severe.It's been four months since I last moved here, yet I keep remembering all those moments in which we had fights. The cuts, or the times my dad would throw me to the ground and starting punching or kicking. I don't know how to describe this, but sometimes I can't control these memories and they hurt. Mentally I think, but they hurt. The moment I remember, I squeeze my eyes and turn my head to a side, but only a few times.Yet memories keep appearing which I consider aren't that traumatic. Like an embarrassing moment at school, or something stupid I said to a girlfriend or even a time I cried at elementary school. And these memories also hurt, which is weird and confusing.i keep avoiding them, but sometimes I just forget to do it, or them come and I don't notice a bad memory is coming up with all this. When I do, I distract myself and it works.I also fantasize a lot. I imagine my father gets cancer and he begs for forgiveness. Or that I get to have a family and my mom begs to have a chance to meet her grandchildren. And I can spend an hour imagining these things. Mostly at night if I can't sleep.Also, I keep having nightmares with my dad. I imagine we're in a fight and that he tries to punch me or kick me. Yet I try to avoid this, but I can't move my body. Or I try to hit him back, yet the punches come so so weak and slow, it's obvious that would do anything. So he keeps me in the ground and keeps hitting. I also have nightmares of fights with my mom. Yelling at her, pushing her, and screaming a lot of things. But these dreams aren't severe, since I don't wake up from them.I haven't gone to a psychologist since I got here, but after searching and typing in google, I found PTSD as a possibility. Could anybody answer if it might be this? Or could it be part of ADHD or Asperger's? Because I really fear getting to have three disorders.