i dont know what title to give :(.. but pleaes have a read!by lotsobear » Tue Jun 09, 2015 1:10 ami dont know how to say this, but its been on my mind a while so i might as well get it out there.my dad has always been really emotionally abusive when i was small, and i still live with him now and he is still abusive, just doesnt yell as much. he likes to use more subtle jibes and taunts now i guess. sigh. recently from going to my counsellor and also from my support group ive realised how he was actually being rly abusive, esp when we were younger. Wheneer ive talked to my mom bout him she always said that there was nothing wrong with him and what he was doing, so it always confused me and i felt like i was making a big deal out of things. so i put up with it. i thik. its only recently that everythings kind of cleared up for me about him. and ive been getting really really stressed and upset the last week or so. it's been more intense than normal, and ive actually been crying most days for a litle bit. i jsut feel so stressed and so alone with everything. there isnt really anyone at home who can help me, and also my counsellor is on holiday this week so i dont have anyone to talk to. i had some really good points i was going ot write but now i forgot  . ive also been remembering more things my dad has said/done to myself or other ppl in my family, theyre not that bad, well they are, but i guess i have a tendency to think things are okay when theyre not. i dont know. i dont think its necc a bad thing that im remembering things, its just kind of traumatising cos i keep thinking of things and it keeps replaying in my head. not all the time, jsut now and again, but when i get sad i get really really sad and its worse than before. i dont know maybe im jus being dramatic. i was always told i was  i always had sleeping problems but they used to be cos i worried alot, now its just more stress. i don know why. i just feel liek theres a vice around my head and its really annoying. i dont know what im looking for by typing this :/ i think i was wondering if it was related to ptsd. but its prolly not going on long enough, which is prolly a good thing really. i dont know. oh and if anyone has any coping skills they'ld like to share id appreciate it. i used to know how i felt and stuff, now im just all confusd. everything is so intense and i dont like it.Aoife xx