Failure To Launch.aka: Displaced Anger. So this thing.. I touched on it before.. blaming God for sticking me in a horrible situation.. Largely due to the quote "God has a plan". (and his plan for me seemed to be misery and torment throughout my childhood).. But now that I have this info on my father.. that he was always a drunk, and that our family structure is absolutely typical of an alcoholic family.But it seems to me that my anger at God was likely just anger that should have been directed at my Dad. I mean.. it was not God who put me in a horrible home situation when I was growing up. It was my father. It wasn't God that created/drove my brother to daily violence in order to relieve his own torment... It was my father. God didn't drive my Mom to act like an insane bitch (though a loving one) when I was a child. It was all my father. All of it lines up as a result of him being an alcoholic. The thing about being an alcoholic is that you develop the "alcoholic mindset"... Your daily assumptions, beliefs and behaviours are all affected. Your perceptions of the world and your consequent decisions are all warped. This happens even when you aren't wasted. I know this because I'm an recovering alcoholic and remember being steeped in the 'Delusion of the Drunks".So given all of this, I suppose I should just be furious with my father... hate him for destroying my childhood, and even for crushing my faith; driving me to despise God and Christianity in general. For taking my kindness and faith in the world and turning me into an embittered, cynical, hateful asshat...But I don't know how to hate him. I don't really feel anything. I love him, I know that.. I like him, even with his flaws. That anger must be so repressed.. or so effectively curtailed and re-directed onto others... that I don't really know what to do. I still curse God every day, curse my brother, my life.. everything. Everything except the one guy whose choices would seem to be at the root of it all. I mean, yeah... I'm starting to clue in on things.. How disappointed I was with him as a child. How booze and tobacco were more important to him than his family. (Tobacco and soda are apparently more important to me than my own health ) Other things... the general disorganization and slovenliness.. and lack of decorum and ignorance of how to behave in polite company. The isolation of my childhood especially. We never had friends over. Hell, we barely had any friends at all. No family friends, no real contact with my extended family... Just.. so much nothing.I feel like it's not fair to pin *everything* wrong with my youth on him. I mean, I made lots of poor decisions because of my hatred for mankind when I was a kid. But... if he created the atmosphere by which that hatred was born, and nurtured...Baah, I'm not sure what I'm saying here. Does anybody else have this issue... knowing that someone solidly contributed to the traumatic situation, but still not being able to address it?