Lucid(ish) nightmares, sleep paralysisby lunardeities » Sat Mar 29, 2014 1:00 amI believe that I have PTSD due to my mother developing Bi-Polar disorder about a month ago. Everyone in my family thinks I have it, my boyfriend, my friends. A therapist will be seeing me within the week. Anyway, I don't want to go on and on about what my PTSD is from so to put it short, I had an abusive mother who developed bi-polar disorder. I'm 17, so I still live with her.Two nights ago, I had an extremely vivid nightmare about my absolute biggest fear; losing my mind. In my dream I blacked out, and when I came to was told that I had gone absolutely nuts. Apparently during my blackout, in my dream, I was running around naked, screaming, trying to kill people. Acting like a well, maniac. I woke up, in my dream, and was told by someone who's face I can't remember that I was dreaming, and that I was going to lose my mind. I woke up around 11, after going to bed at 6, sweating and crying.Last night, I had a lucid-ish dream where my brother and I were standing in his room, and he kept telling me I wasn't real. I kept telling him he was wrong, and he told me I was a figment of his imagination. I knew he was just messing with me, so I left to go into my room. I repeated the words "I'm not real" and started to panic. I realized I was dreaming at that point and started pounding on things, pinching myself, screaming and eventually felt myself start to.. disintegrate, almost. This was the feeling of my sleep paralysis coming on, which is something I've always dealt with but it was never *that* bad, I knew how to control it. I stayed in that state for just a second or two and then I woke up so fast that it was like someone threw me into reality. I then heard a voice say something, I don't remember what, sometimes about a doctor.I do have hypnopompic/hypnagogic hallucinations, but usually only when I fall asleep too fast, and only when I start to fall asleep. I've had them when I was waking once or twice, but never in the form of a voice. I freaked out. I read up on it, it's fairly normal, nothing related to insanity, so I feel a little better but...This is really freaking me out. I keep having these horribly vivid nightmares, I can't sleep because of it. I get 5/6 hours a night, which I know is a lot to some people but I've always been a 10/11 hour kinda person.If anyone can give me insight, please do!