ÊBad day (triggers)I had a very abusive mother who was short tempered, and violent. With me specifically. I was sexually abused during my moms very violent years in my earY childhood. She did not protect me. She ignored every single giant neon flashing sign if sexual abuse. Including when I TOLD her. My mother let up once cps was called, she claims this was due to an upset neighbor because she stopped using them to babysit. In reality it could have been ANYONE that lived around us. You would NEVER believe my mother was so abusive if you saw her. She's so put together. my dad (parents divorced and long distance mandatory visitation was put in place) picked up where she left off and woUld cut me down and yell and shame and be horrific to me. He controlled every aspect of my life from 4 hours away. To this day he flat out doesn't like who I am. But it's twisted to be portrayed to other family and his friends like I'm just his messed up bad seed. That they don't know why I won't visit or call on a regular basis.ÊI shut down at yelling. My husband yells. My husband won't stop. I know it's abuse. I love the man to death and my heart breaks for how bad HIS childhood and life were. We are two broken people. But he does exactly what my parents did to me. Lose their temper, scream endlessly, when I scream at the top of my lungs to stop says "look at you what is WRONG with you" removeS my hands from my ears, follow me from room to room, shout LOUDER so I COULDNT block them out. Then blame me for their actions. The only thing he doesn't do is put his hands on me. There are no marks. Nobody sees. It's MY fault I make them so angry. I DESERVE to be treated that way. I am the one crying and holding my hands over my ears hiding and somehow ITS MY FAULT. Itss a guess when he will be level headed or when he will do this. I am at such a low today I can't stop sobbing hysterically. I begged him today to get help, that he is destroying me doing this. That I've told him I can't take this from him and I shouldn't have to scream STOP and hide from him. He apologized for nothing and said BECAUSE YOU... And made an excuse foR himself. I've asked my husband to get help and sometimes he is inboard. Others he lives in denial and blames me like today. When he is this cold to me and this cruel I feel empty and hopeless. I can't leave someone I care and love so much. Someone I know just needs help like me. But I can't be crushed like this anymore.