ÊI wish flight...left to fight!!When I was first diagnosed I had tried everything to help myself to fight this and stay positive.I had a ton of relief from the anxiety meds. I had a therapist that was a great listener and talked to me as her own child from a "normal" family.Everything went shady. The meds started making me chronic fatigued and no longer the relief to escape the anxiety. I progressed into all forms in hard and fast pace. The therapist turned shady, she turned on me so I would never come back.ÊNow going threw damage control of losing EVERYTHING and everyone I had including my own child. The child that got turned from my mothers 63 year life of abuse that she lives everyday and brought threw the . I owned a home, I lost it.ÊNow looking for just a hug? Nope, not available no family no friends that want to "deal" with me. I get the blame for my mother's lies, manipulation, and betrayal. Blame and guilt thrown on me because they need to put it on someone else. But why me the youngest physically, mentally, and emotionally traumatized family member?I started a few month's ago looking for a new therapist to try therapy again. But I stopped because of lack of long waiting times and also I do not know if that would be good for me to keep reliving this life. I decided if I do not want to suffer from the trauma I need to be my own therapist and stop fire when I start thinking, feeling, or my behavior starts on first response.I have went backwards because all the loses, stress, negativity, no support, compassion etc. I live in fear....It is slowly hurting me and only me. The family and friends they can walk away and wash their hands. I cannot walk I am me. All I can do is change me and know that those family members are sicker than me and will never get over 63 years,13 years, 3 years, 3month's, 3 day's ago. And I have to just watch from the sidelines and stay far away from the trauma. I am so lost, all my dreams and thought future is gone.I am on hour by hour, day by day. I hope and prey I can overcome this with loving myself. And remember that really sick people esp family treat's another in such inhuman way's.