ÊMy syrian friendFor about 6 months I've been friends with a young guy from Syria. Both of us are active on the internet for Activism for humanity and peace in syria. We have the same contacts and so we got introduced to each other.We have become very close friends and speak on a daily basis by internet and viber/skype/phone and I must admit I love him.. and care about him too much.For almost 3 years he has been fighting on frontlines in this war, been in numeous battles. Experienced being bombed and close to death several times. Almost all of his close friends have lost their lifes. He has been tortured severely for 4 days over 2 years agoHe's told me "He has a problem with his heart" .. referring to the pain of having lost his good friends and saw some of them die.He told me that he's lost his feelings. And is numb. I told him how I feel for him and what he means to me. He said our friendship means as much for him but just that he can't feel. He is numb. When I asked him he told me that before the war he wasn't like this.I have asked him about his dreams. And he told me about horrendous nightmares. He is telling me facts from his dreams that would cause strong emotions in anyone (feelings of intense guilt for someone elses death, being followed by people wanting to kill him, random scenes from the war) yet he tells me it doesn't bother him much. When he told me initially about this nightmare he said he had trouble going back to sleep when he woke up... but when we speak about it at another occasion he plays it all down and says hes fine, hes ok. The nightmares don't bother him much. (Maybe because during the day his feelings are turned off?)He does have quite severe moodswings. Sometimes he feels good and we laugh together about things.. and then another time he is cold and distanced and can even be mean and insensitive towards me.ÊOnce I sent him a picture file showing someone saying "I am fine" while the words were made of tiny words like "depressed" "falling apart" "crying" etc. and he said "That's me!"Another time he said "You know it's my personality that I don't speak about my past"I have asked him if he ever heard about PTSD and that I am concerned that he may be suffering from it (I told him most people would collapse under what you have been through) and he just says that hes fine.. that it all isnt bad. that hes getting on fine. That he's getting better. Basically denying everything.ÊIf he's fine.. why did he become unable to feel since the war?If he's fine.. why does he not like to talk about his past? (I'm not pushing him..)If he's fine.. why ..why.. why..He is definetly not well. He left Syria in January and has been living close to the border since then in Turkey.ÊHe refuses the whole idea that he could be sick. Therefore he would not go to see a professional if there were any. The place where he lives has very rudimentary healthcare.I want to be there for him and try to give him the feeling that he doesn't have to feel shy or ashamed or macho about his problems and he tells me he is so glad to have me as his friend.Can someone tell me what they think about all this? Could he be having a form of PTSD? Is there anything I can do from a distance to help him? How should I react about his conflicting ways of talking?ÊI am planning to travel and to visit him this summer in Turkey after he asked me when I'm coming. He even wanted to pay the ticket for me (therefore I assume he really wants me to come too)Do you lovely people have any advices for me? (besides that I also should take care of myself)Thanks !!!