I'm new to this forum and I want to ask for help. Iv let my PTSD build up after the last few years and I need some advice on how to cope with it. When i was in highschool i got bullied alot and i was alone at school for 4 years without a single friend and i moved out in college for 2 years and was alone the whole time i wasnt bullied anymore but i was alone all the time,i did hang out with some other students but all they ever did was smoke and drink on weekends and i diddnt want to do that anymore so i stopped hanging out with them and Family members of mine were murdered one day and i never talked to any one about it, 3 months later and my dog died and thats when school and everything started getting pretty hectic. also recently i had a flashback one morning of something horrible that happened when i was 4, my baby sitter died of Lupus and i was alone in an apartment next to a dead teenage girl for the afternoon. I'm Tired of letting everything go i think i really need help. i transfered to another university last semester and got some friends and told them that i have PTSD and they seem to be ok with me But when anyone talks to me about family highschool childhood or my dog i just get so angry and storm out of the room. But with my friends at school i get so nervous around them and i just freak out when they talkto me, also i can never keep my eyes on them when they talk to me, i feel like i have to look left, right and behind me every min or so. Also when people talk to me in a noisy area i cant focus on 1 sound and all i hear is ANTRFGJAIDFJBGTIAAJIJ. i also get horrible nightmares that just dont stop, i tried keeping a dream journal to cope with it but that diddnt work at all. i get flashbacks mostly when im alone, which is why i freak out most of the time when im alone and like to stay on the internet talking to friends. Even though i dont drink anymore I always try and find time to abuse drugs like Weed and DXM and i want to stop doing that too, the last time i abused a drug was last December 24-26 (my 18th birthday was on the 26th and i was all alone those days) Is there anything i can do to make it all stop? i dont think i can get access to any medication or a psychiatrist. and Please excuse my english