so here i am 30 and trying to deal with something that happened when i was 9-13 i never dealt with this then nor was i allowed to deal with it . When i was 9 it started with a family member who would say things to me sexually and try touching my bottom and chest. at first this is all that happened and i didnt' know that it wasn't right at that time. it kept getting worse by the days he was suppose to be taking care of me after school. to where it ended up at the age of 12 he molested me i can still see myself that exact time and moment i hear myself yelling at him to stop that it hurt. He didnt' he didn't care at all that this hurt and that i wanted it to end i just prayed to myself and waited and hoped that i made it out of this alive i just stared at this picture that was on his wall to try to distract what was really happening to me.... After he molested me i instantly had this feeling of shame guilt and blame! i beat myself up over this for months on end i at one point was so fed up that i cut myself with a razor:( i didn't know what to do i was afraid no one would believe me if i told so for awhile i didnt'. until one day i couldn't take it anymore i went to school and reported it something told me not to tell my mom that nothing would be done. From this point on all the legal stuff took place and he was found guilty and served 3 years in jail... WHAT???? only 3 years i feel like i was given life. So after this happened i really wasn't allowed to talk about it at all so i learned not to. From that day i never did talk about this never talked about the true way i felt. I just dealt with feeling worthless and helpless for way to long! To make a story short he spend three years in jail when he got out and would come around i was told many times to go to my room until he left. my family member to this day still lays next to him at night. This is the first time in 14 years that i am in therapy to talk about it and i dont know how is this normal? after being silent for so long. some memories are clear and some are not some i know happened other memories i wonder if it happened or if it's just a bad dream. does anyone have any insight on this on what is happening??? and what i can do how can i talk openly about this when it makes me physically sick to say in detail what he did to me... any thoughts or help will be greatly appreciated.