PTSD from verbal and emotional abuseby Under » Tue Jun 17, 2014 11:03 pmI am an 18 year old male (19 in 5 months)Throughout middle school and high school. I was continuously verbally attacked and emotionally abused by someone who I thought was my friend. He would constantly get angry with me over every little thing that I did. He also put me down and he even tried to convince me that my parents didn't love me. To make it short. I met this worthless piece of $#%^ in middle school. He was a grade lower than me because he got left back so I graduated early. So we decided to continue our friendship on Xbox Live. All of this was done via Xbox Live. So he basically cyber bullied me. I know what some of you must be thinking "well, why did you continue talking to him after he kept abusing you" Yes, I know its stupid that I kept going back to him after he continuously hurt me. But what he did was he would call or text me on my phone manipulating me (not even apologize) into thinking that I was the one who was being irrational. And he would make me feel guilty as if I did something wrong.Every time he would have his rage attacks on me. I would get stressed and frustrated for a brief moment after the fact and then it would go away. I guess I was repressing it all. Until one day (junior year of high school). I was sitting in class and when I was listening to the lecture from the teacher literally every single thing that he did to me all came up at once… And I gotta say. That was probably one of the worst experiences that I have ever had…After that happened I was so enraged with negative emotions that I decided to confront him about it. He actually did apologize when I confronted him. He really didn't sound sincere though… The thing is, he kept hurting me even after I told him that he hurt me.So I decided to confront him a second time about it. And he said to me "Oh, I thought that we talked about this your still mad?" And then I said "what are you talking about? you just hurt me" Then he apathetically "apologized" again.Then, of cource again. He kept abusing me. So then I went over to him nicely and gently and said "listen man, why do you keep doing this? Why do you keep trying to hurt me?"… and literally right after I said that… He exploded on me. He was literally screaming at the top of his lungs saying "WHY THE ###$ DO YOU KEEP BRINGING UP OLD WOUNDS!!!??? THATS IT! IF YOUR GONNA ######6 HOLD GRUDGES THEN DONT ######6 TALK TO ME!!!"After that. I was literally shell shocked. I became emotionally numb and I think that I have PTSD now. Because it keeps replaying over and over in my head. I don't understand how you can keep hurting someone after that they explained to you that you hurt them.He was actually going through his own stuff in his life. I know that his dad was abusive towards him when he was a child. So, I guess he just didn't know how to cope so he used me as his emotional punching bag.My parents are no help either. I went to my mom and she just told me to "grow up". And my dad kept saying that it was my fault because I "allowed it" (like that's supposed to help me.)I hate this piece of garbage now. There is just way too much stuff that he did to me. I can't even put it into words… I can't even report him to the police because I have no proof…I can't live like this. I wake up everyday with intense anxiety with his voice in my head. It keeps replaying in my head and its not stopping.