ÊBreaking out of the "good girl" prisonI'm a 25 year old woman with my whole life ahead of me. There are a lot of possibilities, I'm in a fairly good place even though I struggle financially and need to find a job where I could also save enough money to start my own business. I have some social anxiety problems I find hard to deal with and they really get in the way of things. I'm not sure I'm in the right group to discuss this, but it seems most fitting.ÊWhat it all comes to is something I call a "good girl syndrome". Being cute, vulnerable, childlike, nice, non-threatening, passive, not exhibiting desires or needs.... that is the facade I put out to the world. I instinctively work on achieving this status. It's not good. I sabotage myself to fit in that box. It feels safe, being bad to me is like kicking a puppy and people generally don't like to do that. But I can't get anywhere with my life like this. The funny thing is, if there's someone who'd want to take advantage of me, I have no problem putting him in his place. He broke the rules of the game, so I'm free not to play anymore - my actual boundaries (as opposed to those I pretend to have) are all right. I feel joy when I stand up for myself even though I don't enjoy the confrontation itself. I feel real, free and alive. I want to feel like this all the time, not only when alone, attacked or when I'm with my partner who I trust. Sometimes I feel this comfortable with other people as well, but it's really uncommon, I'm ussually mentally curled up into a ball, I'm terrified that something goes wrong... I don't know what, just a sense of unbearable pain and hopelessness. I don't know how to snap out of this.ÊI grew up as an only child of a mentally ill single mother. I was her only outlet and filled the role of her partner. Over time she was diagnosed with depression, anxiety and borderline personality disorder, but refused treatment. Later she developed paranoid delusions (as bizzare as for example believing to be the reincarnation of Jesus and that there are people who want to destroy her because of that) and a number of psychosomatic symptoms so she would be dependant on my care. She often threatened suicide and held me responsible for her emotions and basically anything that went wrong. Psychological abuse, rage, blame, manipulation, all that in a nice package of the "perfect loving mother" as she saw herself.I was very angry for a long time once I realized what was going on (she was so shocked when her techniques suddenly stopped working and I didn't let her rage get to me anymore), all that ugly stuff I couldn't even remember properly, flashbacks, anxiety attacks, all of this went out. Thankfully this phase seems to be mostly over. I have actually found some appreciation for her in the past year or so. Seeing my grandparents, seeing how my uncle turned out, I just think she did great with everything she's been through, as sad as it may sound. The whole family is a mess, to be honest. It's just sad, I'm not angry anymore. I'm pretty happy I have a chance to break the cycle. What I experienced also made me the person I am today and even though it's a weird thing to say, I like who I turned out to be. There's just some fine-tuning needed - some bad habits, thought patterns, residual fears - and I sometimes get stuck on that. I want to free myself. I'm tired of dealing with the past when it comes to haunt me. I want this to be done with once and for all, solved, detangled, gone. I want to stop playing games and be real. I probably need some help with that. Please?