ÊHow do I get complex PTSD recognised by CMHT?What it says, really.ÊHad various ongoing lower level traumas (eg. social ostracism from v young age, bullying) aand basically learnt to keep it inside, please everybody, etc. Didn't do very well at this so got into trouble for crying too. As a pre-teen and teen lived in a 'walking on eggshells' environment where my dad would fly off the handle, mum was unwell (mental and physical) so looked after siblings even as I fell apart.ÊWhen the shouting happened it was like being stabbed in the chest and would take my breath away, like falling, complete terror couldn't see straight. Spent my time trying to avoid this happening and please everyone.ÊCarried on like this until age 19 (left home at 18) when I was still getting these 'attacks' randomly despite no apparent trigger anymore, also had abusive boyfriend by this stage and was generally depressed. As I couldnt hold down a job I went to GP to ask about counselling. Thought NHS would provide help and support and kind smiley nurses/therapists - huh!ÊWas then referred to CMHT where I was given a CPN who never saw me and told me to grow up when I felt suicidal. Various very distressing and overwhelming things (violence, homelessness) happened that they saw my reaction to as 'overreacting'. I was offered no treatment and when I asked they avoided the question. The police used to check I was alive and drag me to the hospital or lock me in cells to be mocked by the crisis team. I was criminalised for standing up for myself (non-violently) at the bullying ways and verbal abuse of the MH team.ÊAfter a year or so I found out I'd be diagnosed BPD (right at the start by someone not qualified to do so, and without enough symptoms... the symptoms worsened after I asked for help, but what do you expect if no help comes? And still my symptoms were stuff like 'anger' - totally reasonable in the circumstances!) This was pre- BPD being treated as a mental illness and meant exclusion from entire system and surrounding services, including council homelessness services, I was asked to leave a homeless hostel onto the street on one occasion, as the CMHT said I wasn't to be deemed 'priority', in fact on another occasion (aged just 20) they said I wasn't mentally ill.ÊSorry thats a bit rambly... sorry if I sound needly and pathetic... believe me I have kept fighting... and there's been some beautiful joy too... I have achieved some of the things I fought for though lost so much in other ways... it's ten years since I first sought help now, with various levels of functioning in that time, had a sort of complete breakdown 4 yrs ago and haven't worked since (it's as if I somehow was so frightened I kept carrying on until I just couldn't anymore).ÊAnyway in the past four years since that breakdown, and in new geographical area, the CMHT have misled, lied, buck-passed, discharged repeatedly and ignored referrals. Eventually I was offered private therapy paid by family member.ÊCMHT, after speaking to someone higher up who actually has a soul, have offered DBT skills training alongside. However I have no diagnosis at present as far as I know - BUT BPD might be there. I think it's c-PTSD as fit that in a nutshell, whereas BPD I only almost fit if you willfully manipulate and misinterpret things subjectively to get that diagnosis...I feel I should add, I'm in crisis now, the nightmares and memories are almost non-stop at the moment, things haave been going downhill for the last week or so. I can't call the crisis team (have tried and they just say not to worry, will be in DBT group soon, and refuse to speak to me). I dont have a CPN and have been told in no uncertain terms I won't get one/don't need one. My GP is lovely but can't do anything except talk to me and I feel awful taking up emergency appointments for that. The urges to harm myself are very strong, even though that is not usually a problem for me.ÊArgh... the diagnosis is why I posted here, thats what I want to know, please dont focus on the current crisis part, just had to tell someone.