ÊHelp!! recently diagnosed with PTSD OCD and possible Bi Polar. Confused.Hi All,I hope I can receive some advice or opinion from others.A few weeks or so ago I spent time in a psychiatric hospital. I had a break down and was diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder because of trauma suffered as a child(wont go into too much detail) and some ocd behaviours(cleaning and repetitive like when see the number 6 counting to 20) and being paranoid, night terrors etc. I came home but had to attend a day clinic, everything was okish and thought I could handle things without medication so I stopped. I came clean to my psychiatrist and it was suggested I go back in to hospital but voluntary. I went in for a few days and took medications again but my dosage was changed. I felt my mood change and in a dark place. Spoke to psychiatrist again and she changed to original dosage. Its only in last day or two I am feeling the benefit. My mood is starting to even out some what.I suppose what I'd like to ask is my boyfriend and best friend at times over last few months I was not very kind to. I would have emotional outbursts but he has always been very understanding. My most recent outburst was this week, and after considering everything I thought the kind thing to do was radio silence not for me but for him. To give him a break, peace and until I am mentally better or adjusted. He said whatever I need and has been wonderful. Am I doing the right thing?. I am doing it for him. I will miss him terribly.Also side note he suggested on more than one occassion if I was bi polar, I asked to be assessed again and when I go back to clinic after xmas I ll have more construtive answers. I was told with ptsd can be similar to bi polar. My psychiatrist wants further assessments but thinks could be likely I am bi polar also so kind of up in air at moment. If I am bi polar is it not best I just remove myself from his life?. He does not need that stress. I don't really know where to turn or where to seek advice on relationship with having these disorders or how they affect the people you are involved with in the long term. I'm just scared if I don't leave him alone I will lose him for good. Is it kinder to walk away for their sake?.Any information from someone who has been there would be greatly appreciated. Feel like I'm going crazy right now. I don't know what to do for the best.Thank you.