therapy triggering flashbacks?by Gingerlilly » Thu May 22, 2014 5:56 pmHi,I'm pretty new here so I'm quite nervous but I'll explain the best I can.I'm 23 and battled anorexia since 13. My weight is healthy and although I still struggle psychologically with the ED, I'm much better. However, my mental health is getting worse.I was under the NHS for 10 years and discharged myself from the ED service in December as decided to look to see a private psychologist. I came across someone who looked good and emailed. I have been seeing her since October and for the last 2 months, been seeing her twice a week.I have PTSD, depression, chronic pain and anxiety. I confided in my Psych about the past SA - my GP also knows but that's it. I wrote it in a letter as couldn't find the words. When I tried to talk about it, I started to feel very disorientated and can't remember much. When my psych grounded me, she said she was very concerned and I was shaking a lot. She thinks it was a flashback/dissociation. We took things a little more slowly.A few weeks later, we had a hard session and I spaced out but I don't think it was so bad. Therapist brought me back by asking me to listen to your voice, asking me to name things in the room etc - it brought me back. I felt exhausted.A few days ago, I had one of the hardest sessions. I was completely gone. When therapist brought me back to the present, she said she was very concerned about my safety. I remembered I hadn't drank my tea and didn't know until I was back in the present. She said my whole body was shaking. I'm so scared she had to see that; I don't know how it was but she said she was concerned. She wanted to talk to my GP and I'm seeing GP tomorrow. When I wasn't in the present, I felt body sensations, pain down below, very faint. It was so scary. My sessions are 50 mins but she spent an extra 25 minutes with me. She knew I wanted to tell her something but I was hesitant. She someone got it out of me (good psych hey?) and I told her I was worried where my pain relief had gone as as they went down really quickly and the weekend I was very spaced out. I must have taken the tablets. It was so hard to tell her that as I hate people worrying but she was pleased I told her and is going to talk to GP. I'm scared what's going to happen. I know my psych worries about me and it makes me feel bad - I don't feel I deserve her concern. She's so good to me.Is all this dissociation? I feel I'm crazy. I hate people seeing me so vulnerable. I must have looked like a crazy woman Do you think it's all to do with the past, prolonged SA? is is dissication or a flashback?Psychiatrist is getting involved again.Thanks for listening,K