Event Triggered Nightmaresby Forrest » Wed May 14, 2014 9:57 pmSo I'm a bar tender. I work Saturday nights in a town of about 500 people. I have my regulars, but sometimes I get transients.So the other day I had four people in the bar at closing. One girl was all over a man... they were kissing around... One guy left... and the other guy (a transient) insisted on talking to me. He mentioned that he was married, had a 7 month girl... and that he was heading back to them then next day on the plane. I didn't think he was that intoxicated and he seemed descent. When I tried to close up and turned off the sign and walked by him, he grabbed onto my shirt... and then I realized he was sexually frustrated because of the couple in the corner... the girl had turned her attentions on him to begin with and then switched the other guy half way through the night.I got everyone out, but when I went to shut the door buddy put his foot in the way... and asked what he had done for me to be so mean to him. I told him I was closing and I was done for the night and then pulled on the door to close it. It closed with a slam... which was not my intention.So I figured everyone was locked out and went to use the staff bathroom. It should have been quite in the bar, but I heard somebody walking up down the hallway, and when I opened the door. The man was standing there... obviously upset. I realized then that the door hadn't been locked and he had let himself back in. I pushed passed him and got some distance between me and him... and I asked him to leave. He started again about why I was being mean to him... and why I wasn't interested In him. I flatly told him, that this my job... I've been here for over 8 hours, I was tired and was ready to go home... and that he needed to leave. He got more angry. And I pulled a smoke out of my pocket and lit it right in the bar... and told him to get out and that there are cameras and this is a small town. He left and I made sure the door was locked this time. I mean, I handled the situation the best I could considering and I learned a lot from the experience. But that night I had nightmares to do with my childhood... nightmares of when I wasn't able to keep control of situations. My PTSD I assume.Anyways. Anyone else have events trigger your PTSD?