Could Use Some Feedback/charging A Therapist. (sorry, Long)A few months ago, I filed a complaint against the therapist that crossed emotional, physical and sexual boundaries when I was a juvenile.I am midway through the complaints process. Her association asked for and I provided witnesses, information, backup documents to prove my complaint. I had some info, not a lot. I also provided pictures of the therapist in bed and her chumming up my family, hugging one of my school friends.From the beginning the lawyer at the association that is my contact person for my complaint has requested to speak with my sister. My sister was the only one in my family able to speak to the intimacy of our relationship. I have balked at this. The reason for my hesitation initially was that my sister and I have struggled to salvage something of our relationship after the horrors we lived through as children. She has awful guilt and shame, and so have I. But years ago we came to an unspoken agreement that we would not even go back there to discuss anything, we would just try to hold onto each other and move on. So much abuse had happened in the family that we worked hard to stay connected to each other. I didn’t want to now involve her in this process - it just felt like going backwards would help no-one. Second, I am having a hard time trusting and believing the lawyer that is attached to the association and is my liaison. My red flags go off with her. She has been defensive when I have asked questions, she contradicted information she gave me about the process, she has had me set aside times to call me to discuss details and then she doesn’t call. She wants me to let her speak with my sister but she wouldn’t tell me the nature of the information they have been able to gather from the witnesses I gave them. She doesn’t answer my email and when I email again asking if she received my email she simply says she received them but was too busy. I wanted to tell her ' I am not a disruption to your work I am the reason for it’, but I didn’t of course.Instead I telephoned yesterday to speak with her supervisor to let her supervisor know I was experiencing communication problems with this lawyer and knew we were under a time constraint but until I knew what information they had already gathered I was unprepared to make a decision as to whether my sister’s information would be useful.But first thing the next morning, the lawyer called me, she gave me times she was in the office and so I called her. She told me she was unable to obtain information - people’s memories, time passing, plus these people were also regulated professionals and should have reported at the time and didn’t. I suspect this could have to do with them covering their asses. I get that.But she lead me to believe my sister’s information is the only thing that might make a difference. I don’t trust this because I have a bad feeling about this lawyer. I don’t trust that she is giving me all the information they have been able to gather - today she couldn’t get off the phone fast enough and she was the one requesting the telephone calls. As well, I did some research and checked other charges similar to mine and it seems that relatives as witnesses are brushed off as having a vested interest in the outcome. My feeling is that if this is the case, and if my witnesses, information is not strong enough, then bringing my sister forward will not make any difference to the outcome of the case since her testimony will be disregarded and I will be left to help pull her back together.Questions:Am I being too possessive of my sister in this? Am I being too sensitive about this lawyer? Am I stuck in a PTSDbrain loop where I am not seeing clearly? Am I missing something here about why my sister should be contacted? Any thoughts would be greatly appreciated.