ÊHere's hope the worst is finally over....Hi Everyone,I haven't posted here in a while - mostly because I've been making a lot of great progress and that hasn't changed. Every day I feel like the day may actually come when I am as close to 'normal' (define normal - LOL!) as someone like me can get.ÊThose of you that already know me and have read my previous posts over the last year or so know how much I've struggled my whole life with my relationship with my mother.ÊLately, I've made great strides I'm very proud of, though some things that are huge to me would probably seem trivial to others. That's a good thing because I had a lot taken from me that most take for granted. One biggy for me in the last month or so is that I've taken back my femininity. Growing up, especially as a teenager, I always felt I was considered as competition instead of a daughter and as a result I basically went out of my way to try to be as un-feminine as I could. I never wore dresses, rarely wore make-up, and chewed on my fingernails. I have recently bought a skirt and a dress as well as several other outfits there was a time I wouldn't be caught in. I had french nails done earlier today, had my hair dyed blonde last week and bought high heels as well as lots of lingerie. My husband loves it! LOL!This weekend my family and I are going down to Texas for my grandson's b-day, but the next thing I know, my mom is flying down there on Saturday and starts 'inviting' herself to join us and wanting us to change our plans. I've been at my breaking point with her for a while for reasons I won't go into here, but if anyone is interested, I made many posts about it last October after my sister-in-laws death and my mother's impending ambush at her funeral.ÊIt's taken a lot of HARD work with my therapist since then, but the events earlier today finally told me it was time to tell her what I've wanted to ever since then. I finally told her that no matter how much she has tried to convince me otherwise, she has not changed at all and she is still just as dangerous and toxic as she's always been and that I don't want her anywhere near my children, my grandchild, my husband and I, and my father. I also told her if I had it my way, she would stay away from my younger brother (whose wife died on Sept. 27th last year at the age of 45) but that I knew I had no control over that, but I did have the control to keep her away from the others. I also told her I still loved her.Only time will tell what will happen, but at least now, I know I can deal with it. She should have been behind bars long ago, but life isn't fair and never will be, and at least today I feel like I evened the field a little.ÊHugs to everyone!