Motivational Exercise: Defiance!This thread will be about what you are saying "No" to today. This could be "No" to skipping your meds, "No" to sleeping in too late, "No" to that little depression demon creeping in your head or "No" to avoiding class or work. Just "No, you will not win, I am doing this today, get lost!" The act of defiance when you feel like your mind, your life or your body is so out of control that you just can't get past it. Now, this might seem like an odd approach but did you ever stop to wonder just how many times we defy ourselves in the name of regaining some of this control? Granted, this isn't the only reason we punish ourselves why we do sometimes but it's a pretty dead cert that this rings true for many of you. This helps me a lot of the time. I got the idea while watching the film '300' ages ago and saw the guy yell: "FOR SPARTA!" and now I put myself in one of those little cloaks in my head and defy those stupid little negative impulses by shutting them down with one word: NO! Personal examples: Depressive impulse: "I don't need to work on this article today. I feel awful. Let's leave it until tomorrow."Defiance: NO! Get yourself in that kitchen, brew that coffee, fire up that laptop and let's go! I commit myself to at least one paragraph in the name of the wonder that is NO! Depressive Impulse: "I'll get in the shower in an hour." (and continue to smell O.o)Defiance: NO! I defy you procrastination, I'm getting in the damn shower and you can't stop me! Depressive Impulse: "I won't get dressed today. I've got nowhere to go and I feel rubbish."Defiance: NO! I will! I did not spend half my weekend looking for a decent batman shirt so that it can just sit in the closet looking pretty! RULES:¥	This might not work for everybody, every day, every time. If this sounds like rubbish to you then please close the thread and walk away. This is a positive thread. Please keep it that way.¥	Start small. Make it a teeny tiny thing that depression might prevent you from doing today: walking the dog, brushing your hair, doing the laundry. Say 'no 'to your depression and say why you are going to go ahead and get on with the thing it was preventing you from doing anyway¥	If you're giving this a go try it at least two or three times. This is going against negative impulses. It's something you build upon. There is no failure in trying.¥	If it sounds silly - great! Makes a change to the majority of what's probably going on in your head right now. Embrace it and be as daft or as serious as you want.TWO SENTENCES ONLY IN YOUR POST: THE ACT YOU ARE DEFYING AND WHY YOU ARE SAYING 'NO' TO IT! ...and go! :)