An UpdateWell Suzi has made it quite clear that I am not to post my darkest innermost thoughts and feelings on here but I thought some of you may be interested to know whats been going on in my life in the last few weeks.Firstly I have finally got a buyer for the house. It has taken since January and one sale fell through earlier in the year but fingers crossed that this one will go through. The buyer wants to be in before Christmas so I am turning out cupboards and wardrobes like crazy. So far hubby has taken 3 full car loads of stuff to the tip and I have taken 8 bags of stuff to the charity shop. I still have more stuff waiting to be removed though.I have found another house in the town which is much better connected to cycle tracks, bus routes, shops and coffee shops than my house in the village. It should mean that I will no longer have to get up at 6 every morning and turn out every night to act as taxi to get my kids to work. The new house has a huge double garage in the back garden (8m x 5m) and with a bit of conversion work it will make a fab studio/classroom for my company "Carantoc Art". Unfortunately I had to drop the price on my house in the end and I have no spare money for the conversion work and will have to take out a loan. I had hoped to be loan free after selling off my old house and this is a bit of a blow but the repayments will hopefully be lower than the mortgage and it will only be for 5 years hopefully.I am still at Uni doing my final year. Every time I see a tutor they seem to give us more work! I am spending Tue-Fri concentrating on doing that then using Sat-Mon to pack. I have a piece of work that I have to submit by Friday. I thought personally that it was great what I had done but my tutor tore it to pieces last week and whilst I have made the changes he said, I am a bit scared to take the final step of officially submitting it. My artwork is still progressing. I am making a two part sculpture of a twisted briar in the shape of an egg timer. There will be two of them. One is in porcelain and one in black clay. They are both hollow and in the "sand bowls" of the black one will be a white rose and in the white one will be a black rose. The thorns on the pieces will be gilded with 23 crt gold leaf.I am also working on a special project involving clay collected from WSM beach. I have written to the council to check that I can collect the clay as the beach and the mud flats are considered a site of special scientific interest. It has really got them scratching their heads as no-one has every asked this before! Some of my classmate said I should have just carried on collecting it without telling them but I plan to sell the final pieces in gift shops in town so they would have found out eventually and then there would have been more trouble.The project could get very big as I plan to have a web site about the critters I will be making with stories and pictures about the critters lives on the beach.