Change of heart.I remember when I first came here. I was in pieces. My housemates were badgering me for rent and I couldn't pay up, i'd split with a gf in acrimonious circumstances, and I thought i'd lost a friend who I'd know of for a little over 5 years.Now its taken me until my 2nd time of being signed off from work, 4.5 months later, to realise I need to stop procrastinating and start actively looking at ways to deal with my own issues.Step by step.1 - write a list of what it is I am having issues with.2 - look in depth at each issue and expand the list with what needs to be done to conquer it3 - work on one part at a timeThis will help me not only re-discover some of what makes me fun, but also help me develop a personal character that I would rather be. Being on this site has gained me a new perspective to what people go through on a day-to-day basis, and also given me insight and understanding to act accordingly.Some of the advice I have given, I sure have to start looking at taking because it would fit very much so into my own life. Time to act positive to go with my be positive advice.I hope others look at this thread, and realise that if they analyse their own issues constructively - and break mountains that swamp them into bitesize chunks, its almost like setting up for revision for an exam. One big situation that seems daunting, broken into manageable situations that can be dealt with, can then potentially help dissuade some of the feelings towards ending a life that none of us chose to be involved in, but we have the power to live. Death is the only guarantee, why let others ruin what we have the joy to behold.Holidays - (pics of the grand canyon/amazon rainforest/sahara desert/mount everest from the top) - there are natural beauties in this world. Friendships/Relationships - look after yourself and you may find that any broken/barely tethered of either of these could be repaired. Yes with some situations the outcome is irrepairable, not everything can be forgiven and forgotten, but we live in a society that mocks the flaws we have, not embraces our uniqueness and diversity. Society is at fault for allowing judgementalists to get away with feeling like they are in control.Self-esteem/confidence - looking after yourself may not necessarily be about what you eat, or how you live, but the reality is, if you live in a mess and comfort eat on foods that are often recommended to not be so good for you, your own confidence/esteem levels will deteriorate. All of the above can be achieved with a change of heart, and 3 other words. Positive. Mental. Attitude.Nothing is easy. Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. Many problems I've heard about could be turned around, with encouragement, or sometimes a direct harshness of realism. It might sound harsh, it might sound like a challenge, but living life is about taking risks and escaping comfort zones. Enjoy it while it lasts. Who knows, you may just get a telegram from the Head of State (the monarch at the time - in the UK - for reaching the 100+ club.