  One day, you will shine again.Hello all! I'm new. :) This is quite a cool place y'all have here. I've been browsing for about the past hour or so, and I already feel a sense of comfort and unity by reading other's stories. Thank you all for your wonderful comments and support for one another. If only people were this accepting in real life about depression, things would feel a lot easier. Anyways, yes, I've struggled for roughly five years, since around middle school. (But really--who isn't awkward in middle school? No offense to middle schoolers out there.) It's been an on and off thing. Some periods are wonderfully breezy.. others.. not so much. My family life hasn't always been so great. There's a major history of depression. Alcohol is my mom's best friend. My mom has falsely accused my dad of domestic violence, and got the police involved. I caught my mom being unfaithful.. I had the honors of informing my dad about that. Not to mention the screaming matches that still occurs on a daily basis, which quickly lead to a financially and emotionally taxing divorce. I was going through the usual adolescent who-am-I struggle, along with an intense amount of self-induced pressure to succeed academically. I saw my first therapist at 15. She was very warm and fuzzy, but I wasn't into the cutesy types. I was pissed at the world, and when she threw the Jesus card at me, I quickly declined. I could not see love in a God that had put me through so much pain. I stopped therapy. I invested my emotions in trivial affairs, and plasted on a happy face for those around me, while making the honor roll, playing sports and acting in plays, and trying to be normal. I got to about junior year, and the suicide streak in my high school began. In the span of a year and a half, four kids had killed themselves. Two of them being in the span of two weeks. At first they seemed to be a tradegy--how could a 14 year old boy take his life? To shrugs, dry eyes and nonchalant "Well, I didn't know him"... It was almost like suicide had became a FAD. Which is beyond sickening. Meanwhile, my personal depression had been building steadily. I really did try to be pro-active about it. I asked my parents for therapy, and medication. They said the first therapist didn't work, why pursue another one? I didn't sleep. I overate or didn't eat enough. By the time the fourth suicide came around, I kept envisioning hopping in front of an oncoming train. I had dreams of dying. I had panic attacks around the clock. I was scared to go outside--one of the suicides occured by my house, and I was tempted to go to the site of death. I almost crashed my car, driving to my friend's house. I told her of what was going on, and she talked to her mom, who very conveinantly is a psychiatrist. She stayed with me for a day and then decided I needed hospitalization. I voluntairly checked myself in, against my parent's wishes. I stayed for 5 days as inpatient. Those five days I learned more than I could possibly imagine about myself. I learned to open myself to strangers. I played more board games than I could possibly fathom. I got on medication, finally. But mostly I learned about being resilent. When I was released, I was hesitant to tell some of my friends about the incident. It was hard to be myself after I almost took my one life. Many people avoided me, stopped talking to me. I lost a lot of friends. I felt like an outcast. One in particular understood. We became very close, and started dating. (We're still dating today) Since then, I have been hospitalized once, after my boyfriend left for college. My medication was changed and then my condition improved. However, I've gone 9 months without a hospitalization. After some trial and error, I found a therapist I really respect, who really understands me. She's great. Even though I do still really struggle.. I've come a long way. I'm learning how to be independent. I'm trying to be pro-active about my treatment. I don't resort to drugs, or alcohol.. as that runs in my family, and I don't want to be affiliated with that. I have never cut.. although it has been incredibly tempting. Anyways, I want to share some advice.. (Sorry for this novel, really)--Happiness comes from within. It is YOUR choice to be pro-active about your treatment. Last year I repainted my room and wrote "Happiness comes from within" on my wall. I wake up, and that's the first thing I see every morning. It's cheesy. But it gets me out of bed.--Find people who love and support you for who you are. Right now, the number of people who do that for me is pretty small. But I've decided not to surround myself with toxic influences and people who hurt me. I'm moving on.--Religion may not be for everyone. It wasn't for me, for a long time. But, I've been volunteering recently and it's incredibly rewarding. It's made me really reflect and appreciate beauty in the small. I realize how good I have it. Take a little bit of your time and give it back to someone else. --Find a creative outlet. Writing is great. --Check your meds out frequently. My meds are still being altered to adjust my constantly changing needs. --Find a therapist you like. Ahh.. soosoo important. I'm on my third therapist, but I'm so glad I met her.--Love yourself. You are the person you are, because of your past. You can't change depression. But you can live with it.Sorry for all the preaching. Thank you, if you read this. Good luck on your journey. Tomorrow is a new day. --summernightsky