Today Was a Good DayWhen I was 15, my best friend ended her own life. I did everything I could to keep her here, I arrived too late and that sits with me every day. Although part of me knows that it is not my fault, I still shoulder the blame every day that I should have done more. I relive the moment in my head each night when I fall asleep. Some nights I even save her but then I wake up and she is gone again. Sometimes I forget her face, so I see my own face. It haunts me like it were yesterday, but as of November 3, it will be 9 years.I am not a suicide risk, but I do suffer from depression. I find that crazy because I have done a lot in my life which I tie to living out what my friend and I always spoke about. I regularly travel the world, I always have a well paying job, I have friends that would do anything for me but I am never happy. I feel like every smile is forced, every conversation is exhausting, when people ask me to do things I get annoyed and agitated. I have this person in my head screaming at me because I don't feel like I deserve to be happy. I am always angry, even when I have nothing to be angry about. I am alive and she gave up, and that sits with me all day, every day.A year ago my three year relationship ended. It hurt don't get me wrong, but I constantly found myself questioning my feelings and if what I felt was even love. Some days I would look at my partner and I felt nothing, I would spend days numb to any positive emotion. My depression comes in tidal waves, it fills me with dread, doubt, paranoia and self loathing. It crashes into my life and often destroys the relationships I have built up around me. I feel like I sabotage myself, and I set myself up to fail. It feels like I am caught in a rip, and no matter what I do, I can't get back to land. I have been particularly bad of late, I feel like I am going a little insane. I have avoided all social events, even those with my closest friends. I rarely leave my room, I just sit there content with not moving. Yesterday I told someone about how I feel and today I feel better for it. I might not have gone into detail, but I said enough. I haven't been hit by a wave today, I think I even smiled. . Sometimes the smallest of conversations can make the biggest difference. Today was a good day