  How I developed Joy and EquanimityHi friends :)I am a 36 years old lad happily married who had huge problems only approx year and a half ago. I suffered most of my life frompanic attacks , anxiety, anger and paranoia as well asdepression . I was never suicidal but this inflict pain  to myself.I smoked alot. I drank too.To fix my problem I did seek for medical help  and was meeting a shrink for almost half a year. This did help  a bit but the paranoia and panic attacks remained and I didnt stop being agressive and angry (NOTE; I would be fighting people verbaly not phisicaly).At some stage I simply felt that I hit the bottom and I went to google the net for inspiration. I have found Qi gong. I started to practice it in my local Wing Tsun Kung Fu club. I practiced it for about 2 month and through it I discovered meditation , sitting meditation that is :)It was part of the Qigong training . Tai Chi is something which came out of Qigong and Im considering to start practicing it with my wife this winter (nothing better to do when snow hits the Scandinavia :) )So I started enquiering into meditation and was fortunate to find a very friendly and supportive forum offering support in a very simple yet profound meditation practice called Shamatha-Vipassana. Even though a Buddhist practice, members are both lay buddhists and non-buddhist practitioner. At first I was a bit scared to enter since I am everything else but a religious dude wanting to follow rituals and rules :) I was always through my life more of a Rebel Without a Reason  Most of the concernes I had about joining that forum was due to my paranoid nature of course.I started practicing in March 2010 and since then I have been meditating every day (till today) mostly in the morning but certain days i tried to do it in the evening also (evenings very rarely because I have noticed that get very sleepy so mornings suit me best).At first the practice was hard. It aint easy sitting with the deluded self and those here who meditate or did try it know of what Im talking about  With time I developed more and more calm  awareness which in turn calmed the body  and once the body was relaxed the mind started to follow too :)In this process of Mindful Calm-abiding Bliss and Joy have arisen which was calming me during the day. Even though the actual on the cushion practice was pain in the but and at times very restless, once off the cushion I would feel calm and joy throughout my day (NOTE; I use no medication. but I do take D3 vitamin 5000IU per day).I realised that daily meditation is more than just sitting and calming the mind but rather a way to fuel the body-mind naturaly with happy hormones like Dopamine and Serotonin which can easily counteract the stress hormones we habitualy invoke like Cortisol and Adrenaline.I kept sitting from 30-60 minutes once a day. At some stage I would hit a road block and could hardly make myself sit but I made a deal with myself to sit every day no matter what even if for just 5 minutes. So I did.I would sit like this for max a week and after a cloudy week usualy it becomes sunny again :) this is indeed true.Once I feel the energy rising and with it moral I lgo back to sitting longer.In my experiene one is to sit at least 30-40 minutes at once to reap the calm and joyful fruits.The panic attack  as well as paranoia lessened by half after only 6 month of practicing. Today they are only exhisting as a memory :) I realised today that I have developed equanimity and joy and that this mind of mine is no longer clinging to the life drama as it used to (still a little but even this is declining). I also realised that there are many out there still suffering and living in the darkness of their minds, depressed, paranoid, in panic, fear, anger ... I got this simple yet profound knowledge of Shamatha-Vipassana which I verified through my own experience. I am willing to share it with all those who have courage to pull it through, to try their best to reap the fruits of meditation, fruits called Joy and Equanimity empowered by simple Mindfulness.May you all be happy , may no harm come to you, may you be free from sufferingFriendlyChe  