Depression And RunningI wrote an article today I'd like to share.  I'm just getting back into running and it is hard, but I know I must do it.-------------Trying to Run (with Depression)Depression makes everything more difficult, and excersie is no exception.I was a skinny kid. A very skinny kid. The kind of kid that was so skinny you wanted to tell her to eat a sandwich. Part of the reason for my thinness was the fact that I was always outside, playing, riding horses, and being generally active, as a kid should be.Another reason for my being thin was my anxiety.  The anxiety hit me around age 10. Sensitivity was a personality trait of mine, and along with being a sensitive person comes a certain amount of anxiety. You worry about what people think, things you've said, school work, friends and boys. These are things all teenagers worry about, but for a very sensitive teen it's so much worse. So, I worried, I was anxious, and I didn't eat much-- because my stomach was always nervous. The anxiety was so much to bear on a constant basis, so around age 14 I developed the depression. . The doctor had put me on medication, but my mother wanted to avoid meds if possible-- I'm not sure she realized the depth of the issue. My performance at school suffered, but to my mom and dad, I seemed fine-- if a little funny and obsessive. I had been accepted into the yearbook staff, which was an honor at my particular school. But, my anxiety and depression made me act strangely. I rarely spoke and I couldn't concentrate on my pages. The staff held a confrontational meeting, and they all stood around me and took turns yelling at me, until finally they told me I was done. I was kicked off the staff. Soon afterward my brain broke and I had a psychotic episode. I couldn't go to school because my stomach hurt, and I saw coloful designs when I closed my eyes. I felt I was in hell. People outside, whom I didn't know and had never seen before, were looking at me and talking about me. I wouldn't leave my room. That was when my recovery began, but I've suffered from Major Depressive Disorder since.…Two years ago I was really taking care of myself. I was on a med which worked really well-- but it made my hair fall out a bit. I was feeling great, motivated and energetic, and I was running. I would run 3.5 miles, three times a week. My body looked great, and my brain felt good. I thought I had reached the point of true recovery. So, without my doctor's approval, I began to wean myself off the medication. I didn't care that my head felt loopy-- I would just wait it out. I started to have days which I would worry about something someone, a long time ago, had said. My feelings were hurt as if it were the first day. The thoughts became obessions and they took up permanent residence in my head. One thought, about something insignificant, would affect my entire mood for weeks on end. I'd talk to my husband about the concern, and he'd talk me down from it, but the relief would only last for a few minutes. I crashed again. I stopped running, blaming a change in my husband's work schedule which made exercising more inconvenient for me. Stupidly, I began drinking alcohol on a regular basis, which I now understand was a form of self-medication. All the while, the depression was getting worse. I started yelling at my kids and losing my temper. My days were spent lying in my bed, crying. My mother called and said “You went off your meds, didn't you? Go back on them!” When I found myself calling the crisis hotline to avoid bothering my husband at work (again), I decided that I really did need the medication. So, I found a new psychiatrist, as well as a therapist, and resolved to get healthy again. At this point I had gained 50 pounds since I had quit my meds. None of my clothes fit! I felt so big! I had never been big in my life, save for while pregnant. The new medication I was on also made me hungry, and had weight gain as a side effect. I stopped drinking alcohol and bought some new workout clothes. After about a year of therapy, I felt well enough to try running again. Try-- that is a tough word. Trying something is rarely easy. I had lost so much conditioning over the two years of not exercising. It was as if I had never run in my life. Most people with depression have a hard time with exercise, because depression does that to you-- it is an energy drain. Biologically, the brain loses it's electrical “life” and the entire body slows down, making physical movement painful and difficult. Having just gone through a depressive episode my body just wanted to be limp and lifeless, and it was up to me to shock it back to life. My long neglected running course around the neighborhood, which was 3.5 miles, was still there, and I knew what I had to do. I walked. The first few minutes I just felt cold and annoyed. Then I started becoming angry. I let myself feel it. I thought about all the things that made me angry: the depression, the whole situation. I was mad that we have to work so hard to be thin and healthy. I was angry at my husband (for noticing that I had gained weight, perhaps?) Angry at having to do housework and angry at the world. I passed a bus stop bench and cursed at it. Halfway around the loop I started to feel warm and energized but still didn't feel like running. I was no longer angry, but bored. I passed an athletic looking woman in running gear, who was walking. I thought that was strange. I heard a scary dog bark from behind a fence and felt slightly afraid. I walked briskly and my heart and chest felt like they were working. Almost home, I saw a neighbor's front door that was painted bright turquiose. I smiled. I noticed the leaves on the maple trees were falling all around. I stopped for a moment to inspect some flowers and a tree I had planted by the neighborhood sign-- the tree was dying slightly, but I didn't care. I continued walking. As I approached my front door, I felt tired, sweaty and wonderful. I realized I had not run at all. But, I had taken the first step. I was where I needed to be, and the rest would come in time. I had made the decision to walk today, and had also decided to try running again tomorrow.