I've Felt Pretty Good The Last Few Days =)I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, and if it's not sorry. I just really wanna throw some postive energy around.I've been pretty happy this last few days. I normaly go thought my up's and downs, but this time is different. I think I have DF to thank. it's felt great reading about how people are going through the same things I'm going though. not wanting to wake up in the morning, feeling bad once the day is over, and just overall not having much hope for what's to come. it's not only the fact that people are staring threads saying "oh man I feel bad.", or "i just don't think I can keep doing this.", but the overall postive responses have shead a new light on my depresion. I'm going to stick around, not only to help myself, but help other once I'm better.A new Kid got hired at work, he seems really cool. normaly this wouldn't be a big deal, beacuse when someone new comes on it's normally someone who's been with Pet Co for like 1000 years, and more or less dosen't strike my intrest at all. Randy, the new kid, is my age, worked for Pet's Smart, and we have only worked for a few days, but were getting along great. maybe I willl have a friend in the near future =)I have thing to do this weekend! there is a mortal kombat tornament down the street, and I'm off work for once. people always play games after the tornment too, so I'm really excited about it.the Girl I've been talking too off and on for the last few years asked me to hang out Friday, it's normally just a friendly get togather, but maybe somthing wil happen, who knows?thoughs last few lines didn't have anything to do with the post, but I just wanted to share with someone.thank you everyone! How Was Everyone's Christmas?My was great! I was really feeling bad the week or so leading up to Christmas too. working about 30 hours, trying to get so much stuff done and my depression hit me pretty hard about two times. Christmas really put me in a good mood!The only real gift I got was a new controler for my PS3, but that's not what it's about. this was my Nephews secound Christmas, they were so excited =). they must have no joke gotten like 30+ presents. it's kinda funny because even though most the toys were for a 2 year old, I found myself have quite a bit of fun with some of there toys haha. It was a smaller Christmas, just me, my mother, sisther and brother in law. we also cooked most everything the day before, so there was no crazyness trying to get everything cooked.overall it was a very laid back, relaxing Christmas that has put me in a great mood.I wanna know how your guys Christmas went! 