  Breaks in my depression.when i woke up this morning, i was, well, out of my mind. the fibromyalgia makes my waking up very painful. that first hour after i open my eyes is hell, as i am sore and stiff and cold and feel feverish and depressed. it's hard, having to start each morning off like that. but if i manage to stick with being awake and i don't crawl back into bed, slowly the stiffness and feelings of illness wear off.when i woke up i was hallucinating, i think. the depression had gotten to me, i think that's why i started to see things. i had this weird feeling like nothing in this world was real, like i was in a dream. in my mind, i was in a corridor, a hallway with doors that opened up into rooms. it was quiet, as my downstairs neighor stopped blasting her music; she keeps that music on day and night. so it was quiet, a rare thing. and i wanted to enjoy the silence. i believed i could see inbetween the silence, like pull back the corners of quiet and look inside. i was looking inside into another world. i felt like i was in another dimension. no, i wasn't high. i do not abuse drugs, though i wish i did. i got a hold of some for pain and for those short two or three weeks, i was so high and i loved it. i wish i had some of those pills, because i loved being high. i won't lie. but it also scared me, because i felt addicted to them immediately. i could easily see my life going down the tubes as i could spend all day and all night high and out of my mind. i can see myself not eating, not talking to anyone, holed up in my apartment with the phone turned off, not paying any of my bills, and high. i can see myself doing that and it scared me so badly that the next doctor's visit, i declined those particular pills. i take another kind for pain now and they do not make me high like that. i miss those other pills. but i know this is better.but anyway.when i woke up this morning, i felt alone. i felt depressed and alone. it sucks with this fibromyalgia. nobody understands my pain and it makes me withdraw into myself. i seem to know how to take care of myself though, in spite of being terribly depressed over this fibromyalgia. so instead of crying all day and paralyzed by depression,i decided to instead give myself the gift of organization. i bought these plastic containers to file my papers in. as i participate in life more, i find i need to keep track of my important papers. so i busied myself with washing my sheets and blankets, nothing like smelling nice clean sheets, and organizing my papers. i could have spent the day being depressed, but i decided not to.i jogged to the store to buy more kleenex because i cry a lot, and i used the time to kill two birds with one stone: i got the exercise in and i was able to get the kleenex.exercise helps me deal with the depression and anxiety, it helps me with breathing deeply as i can sometimes breathe shallow from fear associated with having flashbacks. exercise makes me feel really happpy, must be the endorphins. exercise makes me like, happy to be alive, because when i look up at the blue sky and the green trees, it's beautiful. cars drove by me and i didn't care. i was getting my kleenex. i was saving my life, trying to be happy and be grateful for this painful life of mine. i get breaks inbetween my depression, for quick moments where i feel something other than sad and lonely.



  Healing by saying "No."my supporters want me well right now. they are placing an urgency on me that is not fair, telling me i must do this because the opportunity may not come along again. i'm told a favor has been set up and i must take that favor. Well, I'm not ready. The groundwork has not been laid yet. I can not emotionally handle what it is these people want me to do, and for the first time, I want to make me happy and say "no" to the people around me. I get afraid that my supporters will withdraw their support should I tell them "I can't."Also, the opportunity, if it had been set up properly, could have helped me, could have helped me greatly in my future. And so I find  myself wanting to say "yes" because I want a better future. But I must stay in the now, and not want to abandon myself because i want to appear better or more well. I am not well at the moment and I am not sorry that I am not well. I always  do the best  I can. Always. And if someone has a problem  with that, than that is THEIR PROBLEM. not mineNot letting anyone stop me.in the past, i would have let someone else's failure to understand me and my situation get me down. get me down so low to the point of self hatred. but not today and not right now. i have a friend who is not speaking to me right now. she thinks, i think, that i have an easy life . i don't. i live with DID and fibromyalgia. i'm on my own, i have no family to help support me. no family to give me money or rides to the doctor's. i must take the bus or the train to get to places, and that wouldn't be so bad, if i hadn't had the fibromyalgia. fibromyalgia pain and fatigue makes it hard to walk around the grocery store to pick up my groceries. fibromyalgia pain makes it hard to stand in line at the post office to mail my letters. fibromyalgia pain and fatigue make the mundane tasks of living hard. and most people take for granted that their legs and spine will support their weight as they are standing in line at the post office, as they are standing in line at the department store, as they are standing waiting for the bus at the bus stop. i am looked at as if i were sitting on the ground for attention, when what i am trying to do, is patiently wait my turn while dealing with an excruciating back  ache, or while dealing with dizziness and fatigue, or while i'm dealing with nerve pain that makes my feet  feel like they are on fire. the pain of fibromyalgia makes me appear to be impatient and bitchy. and i would take that in, when others would yell at me for being impatient and bitchy, i would blame myself too. instead of talking nicely to myself for trying to get out of bed and attempting to face my day.if people do not want to understand that i am trying to live with fibromyalgia, than that is their problem . it is not mine. so today i want to hold compassion for myself and all that i struggle with, because most people would crumble and give up if they had to live with the kinds ofproblems  i have to live with everyday .in the past, i would have allowed this friend's silence to upset me to the point of not being able to eat and to the point of feeling such self hatred that i would purposefully injure my body. i will not be doing that today. and that's because i work damn hard to try to make this life i was given into something meaningful and fun. i work hard to drag my tired body all the way to the therapist's office, and it requires i take an hour's long  train ride and a half hour bus ride. i have been so tired lately in the morning that i have not been able to chew the breakfast food i can just barely get in my mouth . and if this friend wants to believe that i could do better, than their is nothing else i can say or do to convince her that fibromyalgia involves large pain and fatigue.it does make me sad when my friends refuse to take the time to hear  what i tell them. it makes me sad when my friends refuse to take the time to read up on what fibromyalgia is and what it does, so that they can believe me when i tell them how pain i'm in, or how tired i am. but i will not allow this person to depress me with her stubborn unwillingness to understand my situation. instead, i will keep plodding forward. i will keep plodding forward even if i have to do it alone.