Where do I start? Want to do more with my lifeHi, I'm new to this forum, but I'm struggling a bit at the moment. Here's my story, I'm 29 years old, and I live in a rural area in Victoria with my dad. In April this year, I lost my dearest friend. I've known her all my life and she was like a sister to me, and she was only 31. I miss her terribly. I'm unemployed, and I've never really had a job. I've had a few part time jobs here and there, but they have rarely lasted more than a week. I'm overweight, and I eat rubbish food. I think being overweight, and getting very sore contributes to me not being able to last long in jobs. I also have high blood pressure, which I am not taking medication for. I drink a little more alcohol than I'd like to, but I can control it, and I can easily go for 1 or more days without drinking. I struggle financially week to week, and I often find that my bank acc is overdrawn by the end of the week, putting me further and further into debt. I am only about $1500 in debt at the moment however, most of which is to my dad. I live in a very cluttered enviroment, which is partially due to me not having enough money to get rid of all my rubbish, and I hoard junk. I have asperger's syndrome which is part of the autism spectrum disorder. I don't have alot of friends, however the friends I do have are very good friends. I want to do more with my life, and get out and about a bit more, but at this stage, I don't want a regular "job" I don't know what activities are out there for someone like me. I have been looking into a Men's shed. That seems like a good idea for me at the moment. I'm after some suggestions of some activities that may be available to me? Possibly some that will help me get fitter and improve my general health too. I'd also like a bit of advice on how I can eat a bit healthier. I'm looking at the idea of doing a course too. Loosing my dearest friend has really hit me hard and I miss her so much I think about her every day. What are some other things that I could possibly look into? I mainly want to improve my health, my happiness and my financial situation. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.Cheers, Gab