Realizing My Bucket Listi happen to read an old book weeks ago while i was cleaning the room, and there's this line that lingered in my mind still. it sounded quite generic, but it struck me nevertheless."...happiness is always a by-product, never a goal. The person who sets out to seek happiness never finds it."Biotchslapped. and i was like "man, you've spent all your time for nothing. what a waste. no wonder. "i've been too engulfed with depression for years, im tired with it, and i feel like im trudging desperately everyday to find ways to get away from it. and yet, the force remained strong still that i would be sucked instantly into it anytime whenever i loose my grasp on something that gives me a quarter ounce of mirth.quit it, drama king. what do you want? i asked myself. then i recalled my bucket list that i've made months ago. reading it again made me smile somehow. i don't want to post them here because some are actually silly, it would be quite shameful you know.after re.evaluating my resources, i decided to make them into a reality. FINALLY. no more delays, ain't backing out now! and so, the planning begins.there's this blog that i constantly visit, which engendered the urge to realize one of my love-to-do's in my bucket list. the author left his call center job around 9 months ago, pursued his passion, while carrying along his new freelance job (which i didn't mind to ask at all). TRAVELLING / SOLO BACKPACKING.i soo envy his trips. a lot. reading his write ups/experiences are ever inspiring.and i was like, "how come i didn't visit that here?" i feel like i've been missing something in my life a lot. some places were merely accessible by bus/taxis, good spots that i never thought are actually existing in my place.then excitement rushes in, a feeling that have been dormant in me for years. having it back now is like seeing a close friend whom i have never met for long stretches of time. indescribable beyond words.though i still harbor the hatred and all the personal issues i've been enduring for a long time,i realize that it would be a pity to wallow in it till the end and not giving myself a time for fun... a chance to enjoy life, to do things that i always love.perhaps, in doing this... i might meet my happiness along the way. still hopeful.it's not too late to change tracks, man. i told myself. 