There's Only One Way I Can Prevent Compulsive Spending......and that way is to leave all my money, and credit/debit cards at home. They can have all the ads they want, there can be as many chocolate bars on display and as many images of cheeseburgers and poutines as they want. But if I don't bring my money with me, I won't be able to spend and waste money on those temptations that I don't usually need in the long run. I'm not kidding around. I have legitimately used this tactic for the past 4 or 5 months, and I think I have saved so many dollars here and there. With time, the amount of saved money goes up. I have been struggling for years with continuous temptations for chocolate bars, barbecue chips, timbits, pizza, hamburgers, coke (the soft drink), chinese food, and you get the picture. Everyday when I have money on me, I always get the urge to make a pit stop somewhere just to spend a few dollars and a little snack. There's no doubt that the occasional treat is good for us all. But the problem is that I just can't stop. Even when I resist buying anything for an entire day, it doesn't mean I won. Because the next day it's just so exausting to have to resist and resist all over again. Plus, I can't just drop all junk foods and eat carrots for the rest of my life, because that's just too much deprivation for any human being. I'd like to say that I should, but no one should have to be that deprived. There are limits to things. So this is what it came down to. This is what I realized. When you struggle for years and years to find a solution to a problem that you just cannot figure out how to resolve, you just don't say no to a solution that has a 100% effectiveness rate. You just don't. I only bring carry money around a few days each week, on the days where I know I'm going to need something. For every other day, it's a battle where I can take the super easy way out and win every single time. It's perfectly healthy too. The only thing I must do to win each battle is make sure my cards and money have been effectively removed from my wallet, and make sure they're somewhere I can find them when I come back home. If I can walk out the door without them, I win each time. This tactic gives me a sense of control over my own life. Being in control is a feeling we are all seeking for our own well being. And for this particular situation of mine, there's only one way for me to keep that sense of control.