This Is My BeginningHi I'm lily, and this is my very first time trying to deal with my life. I can't do this alone, but I don't know how to reach out.I am only 13 and I am still in middle school. And my life is decent. I have little bumps, but I live in a wealthy family going to a top school, and I have friends and I'm usually so happy. So when I ponder if I'm depressed I hate myself for it. My life isn't bad. I shouldn't feel this. And yet I do.I've read so much about warning signs on the internet. But its the internet and I don't know what to believe.I don't sleep as much. I don't want it and even when I try it never comes. Even now, it is four in the morning, and I'm here. In the morning I get migraines from the lack of sleep and I don't go to school sometimes.I lie when I say sometimes. Lately I've been missing a lot of school because I just have no energy or motivation to go. I tell my mom I'm sick, but she's fed up with letting me stay home. I have 2 F's in school she doesn't know about, and I always used to get straight A's.I don't know what I think of school. I'm so lonely at home. I feel isolated and it is so overwhelming and I'm so young I feel there's nothing I can do about it. I can't just drive to my friends house when I'm upset. When I come to school I see my friends and they make me feel so relieved. But most of my classes are without them.Last week in science we were in the group project we've been doing for a month, and I still don't have a group. I had a group for a while, but they were tired of me and I slowly stopped working with them. I just sat in my seat for the hour, scratching my dried-out winter hands. My hands were oozing blood and I just felt so overwhelmed and alone. Like everyone knew I was alone, but they didn't want to do anything. Even if they didn't notice I felt my chest so tight and I frantically took my asthma inhaler but it didn't help. I just wanted to run out the room and cry.The bell rang, and I ran out and when I saw my friend Eva I dropped my books and I just hugged her. I didn't tell her anything. I just said I needed a hug. All the weight off the chest came off, just knowing she was there was such a help.I need school to see my friends, but at the same time, it stresses me out. I never do my homework because I can never focus. I try and try but I can never do it. I just can't. I can't focus enough to do my chores even.My parents sat me down about a month ago because I never do my chores. My dad is constantly yelling at me, and he broke down crying at the table and he told me he doesn't like coming home anymore. Because he has to see me. I was horrified with myself and him. Later that night I cut for the first time. I can't tell you why. I just had to. We had razor blades in the camping equipment and I just had such a compelling feeling to do it. I haven't done it since, and I don't plan on to.And that's how my life has been so far. When I'm home, I'm by myself and I think about everything and I'm overwhelmingly alone and I cry over myself. School is just a mess. I don't know how to tell my friends, little alone my parents.No one knows. This is where I begin. And I need help. Even though my life isn't that bad, do I really have depression? Where do I need to go? Thank you for the people who read all this. Anything anyone can say would be useful at this point. -Lily 