  Hey, come on in. I want to share something with you...I want to thank you all for sharing your open hearts with me. We all struggle in this life . To fit in, to feel a part  of the community , the world, the life we're forced to be part of regardless of the circumstances that make that seem almost impossible at times. And yet we persevere. We seek help, we seek understanding, we seek forums like this. For what it's served me in my time of need, I thank you. It is and was a blessing to have found this community. I wish each and every one of you strength and balance and peace. I hope you find  your way to feeling better  about yourself, because you're worth more than living the gloom that can be overcome, because that is a state of mind, while you are a living testament to the best  that potential and creative energies has to offer. When you look at something on the landscape that you admire; a tree, a peaceful lake, a beautiful bird, remember that you were born from the power, the energy, that made that masterpiece a reality. And so too are you a work  of art in the flesh. What ails you emotionally, wasn't always  so. And it's that knowledge that may help to inspire  you to realize if you can come to feel bad, you can one day come out of it. Diet, excitotoxins especially, are one of the contributing factors in depression. Exercise, which releases endorphins, or the bodies natural uppers or happy chemicals, is one way of feeling better about yourself. There are any number of ways to overcome the darkness that so often feels like it has a presence of it's own deep inside our souls. And it's places like this that help us to realize there is indeed light at the end of the tunnel. I wish you all to find that brilliant light of day. I hope enough people read this to make it worth while. And if it inspires you to feel better  about yourself andthe future  that awaits your arrival, because you are needed in this world and that's why you're still here, then all the better. Many blessings abide each and every one,  Vanilla Shiva 