  "I want to die," and recoveryThose words might seem a contradiction and you might be confused. I don't know what you're going through. You might berecovering without knowing it. At the moment I'm think I'm in a crisis- I got help fast and tomorrow I'll be heading to the hospital to be monitored again. I won't die though, because I have everything in place. Dying isn't the issue. The issue is: I am suffering like yourself and am recovered from my eatingdisorder , have healthy self esteem , have good relationships and haven't self harmed once in 5 years. I haven't attempted once in this time too.I never understood recovery  until I was 3/4 the way through and conscious of what my eating disorder  andmental health  issues meant for me.It's the hardest and most rewarding thing I've ever done.It isn't easy but if you want to live- and in my case, I'd reached a state in physical deterioration many years ago and had to look after myself, your natural coping mechanisms will fall into place. Self-expression, being proactive in my treatment and reducing harmful contact with others helped me get where I am. People will be different. What I want to say is: you might not know you're getting better until you're in the light again. I've had more bright days in the last two years than I've ever had in 13 years!What I know doesn't help  is numbing extensively, whether it be through eating disorders, drugs/alcohol. I know I'll be stuck. I suffer tremendous urges to drink at times like this. If you do want to use prescribed or non-prescribed drugs to cope, small doses and being aware of what you're doing is key.I thought I was going nowhere after 3 years of huge changes which had happened in my life- I made them happen but , they seemed to just "happen," regarding relationships. I wasadmitted to hospital  after a few months of severe depression  last year, which can make you feel lost and hopeless. When I was discharged, I realised- I'd recovered  in so many ways and had healed so much.