  For once I actually think I did well.To anyone who doesn't know, today, I went to see someone about help for mydepression  and self harm etc. I had been paniking all week and I was pretty worried I was going to bottle out of going, but I didn't :). It was a very very difficult thing to do and I was pretty scared but the woman I was talking to actually made me really calm and I managed to be pretty honest with her. I didn't tell her I felt suicidal a lot or that Id tried to kill myself - she didn't ask, so I just didn't bring it up. I managed to talk about everything else though, the self harm, the depression and abuse. I didn't bring up how anxious and obsessive I can get but I didn't want to talk about too much that wasn't relevant. But yeah, it went really well. The downside is that I am going to have to wait up to 3 months before I start any sort of councelling, which I am not sure how or if I am going to cope with. Thank you all for you support, hopefully things might work out now. xx  It scares me to say I am feeling better.It scares me because I am so so scared I will fall again. For the people here who do not know, for the last 2 years ish, I have been EXTREMELY depressed on and off ... I was depressed 98% of the time, It would be like a week + of awful depression with a couple of days to a week I guess of being really happy inbetween. Honestly it was horrific, I self harmed more than once a day and attempted suicide and thought of it all the time. About a month now it has been since I have been severely depressed like I was. It doesnt seem real that its been a month and I havnt felt that way. I have still self harmed a couple of times ... down to anger though not depression. Im confused, I dont understand why I feel so normal, I am so glad but I am worried I will get bad again. I started my counselling around a month ago to and I also started college then, I am wandering if maybe they are what helped me, but I dont know, at the time the problems seemed way way to serious for a month of counselling to fix.Anyway, I thought Id share this as I havnt posted in a long time and maybe this will give someone out there some kind of hope. xx