Depression Overload - learning to say you're not okYesterday was one of the hardest/embarrassing days of my entire life and it all started with the question, "Are you OK?".I couldn't help but break down in tears. And by tears I mean 'letting the flood gates open'.  To make matters worse, I was at work . My colleague lead me into her office where I continued to cry. I sobbed. Heavily. I couldn't control it.  This massive wave of emotion just swept over me. I had lost control. Couldn't fake a smile any more. Couldn't fake that I was the happiest person in the world.  I crumbled. It gets exhausting pretending sometimes. To slap on a happy face and 'forget' all your worries. People I work with saw how broken I am. People who thought I was 'well put together'. So many people were worried about me and at the time I just couldn't see why. I felt only embarrassment at my torrent of tears and emotions. My secret had finally come out. I have clinical depression and have had so for 14 years.I don't like to say that I am depressed as I feel that term is too commonly used.  I hear people say it all the time and I think to myself are you just sad? or have you actually been diagnosed with depression?I have battled depression for many many years. And what a tumultuous time that has been. Full of ups and downs (more so downs).  The biggest mistake I ever did was HIDE the fact that I have depression. I still make that mistake. You think you'd learn from your mistakes, but in this case, it keeps happening time and time again. I'd like to say that I'm better with coping with my depression and talking about things that are getting me down, but alas, I am not.   This 'mini meltdown' happened because I had bottled my feelings up and not talked about them. Became overwhelmed because of them. I didn't now how to talk about them. I didn't want to burden anybody with my petty issues. I often feel sorry for my partner who cops most of the brunt of my depression. He's amazingly supportive and will drop everything to be with me.  He's a special kind of person to me. Yet I still find it difficult to talk through things that are going around in my head in fear that he'll think I'm being silly or stupid. I talk to him about things but probably not as in depth or as much as I should.This new wave of depression is yet another learning curve for me. I will not let it beat me this time.  I will learn that I am good enough. I will learn to reach out for help.  I will not give up.  