I'm Determined To Apply For Grad School This YearDon't get wrong. I'm not some ambitious, do-it type of person, in fact I'm the opposite. My motivation and self-esteem is still very low. I still have depression, including over things besides work and school, and it's not getting better. Some depressive issues I have to try to suppress until I can get this over with. In fact I may end up not applying at all, or soon give up on the idea. In fact, you know what, I still haven't even researched what the GRE or whatever test I have to take is, let alone started studying for it. Screw it, no way am I going to get it done this year. I regret not having the will to start doing this last year, but I guess my depression was too bad last year. Not that it's any better now, if anything it's still getting worse.But at least I have a goal right now. It may be unattainable and I may quickly give up on the idea given the overwhelming amount of work I have to do to prepare for it - a staggering amount of work actually, which could very well be too much for me to handle. The problem is, I may have no choice but to try to do it. My life is at a crossroads right now. I have been unemployed for years, my savings are running out, and I have lacked the motivation and will to even look for work let alone get a job. You may call me a pathetic loser for that, and I agree with you. It's a dark secret that I have tried to keep secret but I may be forced to share now (see later post). I am confused and bewildered as to what kind of job I should even look for at this stage.So I figure I may have to make this choice. You may say why not keep looking for a job (and get rid of your hangups with looking for one)? Well I feel I'm unqualified for everything and my reputation is likely shot, and I cannot explain to an employer why I've been unemployed. But furthermore, I've been totally unmotivated to apply for a job. This week at least I feel slightlymore motivation to apply to go back to school, for some reason. And I think that's telling me something. You may also say that I'm better off getting certification or learning a trade or getting a diploma at the community college level. I've thought about that, but I think, and that's largely guesswork, that the type of subject area I may be applying for grad school in may be more interesting to me than getting some IT certification or some trade. I could do another 4-year Bachelor but I wonder if this may be an even bigger risk. I could resign to a life of doing min-wage type work (if I can even do that), doing charitable work, joining the military, or something else, but I feel there may be a better option I haven't tried yet.Some people have told me that it's a bad idea to go to grad school if I wanted to shift careers, since I've have to specialize in a specific area and be sure that's what I want. Well, you are right. It is a bad idea. I'm not truly interested or passionate about anything, especially given my depression and memory of past failures. Maybe I'm anhedonic. Compared to other people, I may be a great example of someone who should not go to grad school. It's a major gamble. I may end up no more interested in my new area than my old one. But I've thought about this, and I believe the risk of going to grad school is less than the risk of not going, which may effectively mean not doing anything at all. It's a risk, and that means after my 2nd degree is completed I may still end up long term jobless. I may still be totally disinterested and unqualified and unwilling to apply for jobs. I may drop out due to disinterest or depression or fail because I can't handle the courses. Maybe I'll end up homeless in a few years anyway. The biggest obstacle is getting admitted, I may very well not get in at all or screw myself in the process.If I do though, this at least has the chance of changing my life for the better. You may ask how could I succeed with a Master's if I've given up on my field already after my Bachelor's. (BTW I'm just considering applying for a regular Master's/PhD, not an MBA, law, or med school. I'm still a loser, you know.) The answer is I'm considering for applying for something not exactly the same as my undergrad. It's difficult for me to be admitted to something that's too different, so I've identified certain types of programs that are similar to, but not exactly the same as my undergrad. Similar enough that I could get admitted to it with my undergrad major, but different enough that it may be a refreshing change and I may be relatively more interested in it than what my old field was. I can't be certain, I very well may end up hating it, but based on my past experience and coursework in the past I may be more interested in this sort of thing. It's all guesswork, and it'll likely narrow the career options I'll have. I don't know if it's a lucrative field or something that's over-saturated. I don't even want to research this info, as it's going to put even more pressure on my shoulders. As long as I can get a decent job and I feel happier from it, I'm OK with it, regardless of pay