  I just want to move on and live my life.Hey all  I have been getting a bit better for the past few months. Slowly. But recently the pace has been picking up.I haven't been to the doctor in a long  time and I finally went and got a check up . So far everything came out okay.Also I had the same doctor for years when I last went to see one but this time I was seeing a new doctor and she was great.  I was nervous about that. I still have a few other appointments including seeing someone for my depression. I spoke to her about what I think about that and told her I think it'd be better if I went to someone who actually listens to me and gives good advice...Now I can only hope that person is as nice as the doctor was.My situation with school has also been looking up a bit but I still have more to do. Lots of studying and catching up to do. I also plan to start looking for jobs. Since I've really only been taking care of children for family and I need something that canhelp  me move on with my life  and be more independant.I am nervous about all this but I think what helps me is if I just keep doing these things without over analyzing every little thing, letting it slow me down. I get pretty badanxiety  and find  it hard being around people sometimes but I just need to focus on what needs to be done. Whether I like doing certain things or not the fact of the matter is that I need to move on and finally begin the next stage of my life.I have still been having a hard time coping with loneliness and making friends an such :/I sometimes get bitter and depressed when I see others even right infront of my face making friends so easily and fit  in.At this point in my life I don't see why I can't just meet new people and stay friends. I don't see why I can't find my place/people that I fit in with. I keep thinking "what is wrong with me?" It hurts  a lot when I think about these things.My doctor was asking me about this too and I just don't know what to say. I haven't had a boyfriend in years and I've only dated a couple guys so far in my life. And only one of them was pretty serious.I don't know I'm just venting a bit but I know I need to give more people a chance and put myself out there more instead of staying to myself.I just hope I can finally make new friends and keep moving on.