Realistic Day-To-Day Goals For Someone With DepressionSo, I'm not sure this is the exact right place for this thread in the forum - I'm happy to have it moved, if there's a better place for it... Last night, I worked out what I think bothers me most about my depression: It's that you have to *force* yourself to do everything... *Force* yourself to get up, *force* yourself to make breakfast, *force* yourself to do your morning personal hygiene routine, *force* yourself to start work, and so it goes on... Apart from "resting" when I'm exhausted (depressed), I don't think there's really anything that I *don't* force myself to do... And when I go to bed at night, that's exactly what it feels like, when I look back on the day... Like I had to force myself, all bloody day... I'm so sick of that!! I do wonder, if it's not "just" a symptom of depression, but whether my psyche is trying to tell me that I "don't want to live the life I currently live"...? I am *so* curious, to find out what would happen, if I simply stopped forcing myself?? They say you need to "accept and fully admit you have depression."Don't think I've truly done that yet, even after so many years!I still often try and live the life of someone who "doesn't have depression".There are just no role models to use as guidance - who's out there, coping with depression, and living a slower, less accomplished life, but celebrating that as "good enough" cos it's not healthy to push yourself to do more, if you're chronically ill? It's soooo hard having realistic day-to-day goals for someone *with* depression. Cos it's a trap to do "too little" just as it's a trap to do "too much". So where are the *realistic* goals, that you can have a sense of achievement about...? I don't think I just (ridiculously) use the standards of non-depressed people (setting myself up to fail) but I even go one step further: I use the over-wrought, over-compensating, neurotic goals of other people who are depressed, but whose depression makes them tend towards perfectionism... As an example: I could have the goal of having a "tidy-ish" household. (That would be me having a non-depressed person's goal - which is in and of itself not quite appropriate for me.) But instead I use someone like my mother's goals of having a "perfectly tidy" household - as a depression-over-compensation thingee... So I think I need to have different kinds of goals - the kind that are appropriate for someone who has suffered from debilitating depression since her childhood (that's for nearly 30 years now...) I think I need really simple, fundamental, small goals like these (and even these can be tough to achieve, when depression gets really bad)  Do not commit s****** todayTry not to contemplate s****** todayTake your medication - on time!Shower (at least) every 2nd dayWash your hair (at least) twice a weekBrush your teeth twice a dayTry and eat at least one healthy thing todayDon't let anything get mouldy or stinky in the kitchen.Have at least one tidy-ish room in the house, so that not everything feels like it is in disorder.Do the short morning and evening walks with the dog (My boyfriend does the longer afternoon walks with him)Do (at least) one load of washing per weekI will try to think of some more REALISTIC day-to-day goals for myself and post them here.Would love to hear of people's suggestions, what they think are realistic, helpful daily goals for someone struggling with long-term depression.