S.A.N.E. something for us all to considerHi all,I hope this helps anyone or for that matter everyone, we all have to have each other’s back we are isolating ourselves too much and paying the price for it.Someone, Anyone, No-one, EveryoneWe start out our life as someone, a beautiful baby that is loved and adored by all saturated with love and attention, you feel safe because you are SOMEONEAs you grow the focus on you appears to become less, is this true where did everyone go, you have so many questions, so many feelings about life and this world, but who to talk to and trust, to feel safe with. At this point you would be happy to be ANYONEAs you transition from your teens to adulthood you’re on the edge fighting, struggling, searching to be someone or anyone but all you feel is this deep ominous feeling that no matter what, in ‘this’ world you are NO-ONE.As you grow and become more aware of the world around you, the world continues to get bigger and therefore you feel you are getting smaller more insignificant.When you look at a beach and you see the beautiful white sand, how wonderful, it is something to behold, but when you look closer it is made up of all those individual grains of sand that when looked at individually they appear to be nothing special. But each grain is absolutely necessary to create a beautiful thing and vision that brings so much enjoyment and pleasure toEVERYONE.You are the grain of sand and you play an important role in creating the beauty of  your beach, which is the world as are other people, society, friends, family, future friends and family. You may not see or realise your importance until you learn to step back and see the bigger picture, see the beach.It’s funny how people react when someone is born or when someone dies they all smother you with attention for a while and then get back to their own lives wouldn’t balance be nice.It is up to everyone to take time to include someone oranyone and ensure no-one is left alone, at least until they realise how important that individual grain of sand is“IT IS UP TO EVERYONE”Take care everyoneIan