What drives you to live anther day?It could be anything; between a loving dog or anther animal or something more motivational. Here is my response to my thread:Short answer - My long-term answer: Support that I've reached out and got- My animals- and mostly my dog.Short-term- I love to play guitar & I love to SING.Long answer - If I feel upset, I bring out my guitar, notpad, recorder.... I make songs. VENT all the anger out on the guitar, and sing my heart out. You might be thinking 'but I don't know how to play guitar' - blogging and making journal entry's help. You could make a video blog, (even if you don't publish it) and just EXPRESS yourself. Let it all out.Finding something that motivates or detracts you from the thoughts, I realized is the key.Even when my brain lies to me & says things like "you can't just live for other people- YOU can't take it, so that makes ending it all ok" or "my family & friends are better off with me dead & gone from their lives" I KNOW if I give myself permission to just check out of whatever stress & suicidal thought or feeling I have for a moment and detract myself for a moment in time- it DOES pass. As hard as it is when I am caught up & overwhelmed by suicidal emotions, I make myself *pause*, just for that moment, and take a minute to clear my mind, taking a walk, reading a book, a shower and a glass of tea. If my depression is to the point playing the guitar ect is not motivational for me- I watch a up-beat movie. (depending if I'm just depressed or suicidal.) Sometimes a good sad movie to make you cry and let the emotions out is Okay if you can regain yourself. BUT if your already down, I think you should watch a good humor movie. Here are a list of movies that always make me smile:Keeping in contact with people is the most important thing- even if it's coming on a chat-room or forums (like this forum) venting, talking .... going on the lighter subjects and detracting yourself communicating with people.Not enough you say? No support at home   ? Support groups for depression:Google " your state support groups for depression"^ You will find a TON. Meeting other depressed people, and sometimes able to cheer someone up or they cheer you up, can HELP. Someone who knows what your going threw.And as I mentioned before my animals are what help me get threw it - no mater what, my dog does not judge me he is always their for me. Studies show that dogs help depression: http://www.petsbest.com/blog/help-overcome-depression/People with service dogs FOR depression:http://www.iaadp.org/psd_tasks.htmlAnd for those who are in apartments and aren't 'allowed' something that allows you to bypass the rules with a 'emotional support animal' :http://www.servicedogcentral.org/content/ESATips of things NOT to do:- Do not drink or do drugs as it makes you do more harm then good- 'You will end up REGRETTING . Drugs can make you go into depression/ manic depression because of the withdraw side effects (recreational use drugs)- Do not randomly stop taking your anti depressants, even if they aren't working, suddenly stop taking them can make you suicidal . Talk to a doctor before stopping taking them.- Do not isolate yourself when your suicidal it makes it 10 times worse.Lots of hugs   - please be safe y'allNow your turn- please share  Side Note: I want this to be a positive thread, not 'oh, because I have planned on killing myself in x days it keeps me going'