My words to you allHappiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being characterized by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joyPeace is an occurrence of harmony characterized by lack of violence, conflict behaviors and the freedom from fear of violenceWhat if I told you that you can have happiness and peace? would you believe me or see it as a fairytale? Question, when you see others in happiness do you think they are faking it? do you think those who are happy are just actors? If you do, then for a moment, just a moment look at it through my eyes. Peace and happiness can be achieved in many ways but which is your way? what makes you happy? what makes you feel peace? look at the definitions of those two words and think how does that occur in your life. Because if you can remember being happy, then you know happiness is real. when there is peace there are no worries but who really has peace? no one is perfect we all even those same people whom it looks like they have no problems and are sooo happy still have problems, but problems can always be solved. Their happiness out weights the bad because they don't allow the bad to work their live. Do you have what it takes to take back your life? tired of listening to everyone else opinion? tired of adjusting to what others say about you and that you believe those very things? Let me give you a word that you should look into before you want happiness and peace.Change is to make the form, nature, content, future course, etc., of (something) different from what it is or from what it would be if left aloneHow about change? whatever you are doing is not necessarily wrong, it just doesn't work for you to achieve what you are looking for. Which is to have the peace and happiness you see others have but more of your own happiness and peace. change is such a powerful word, how can you want something without doing nothing? change is the first word you should understand, you are in a place of disrupt, and you must CHANGE something in order to get out of that place. We can change by taking back the power that was taken from us, which that power was self-esteem, willingness, happiness, peace, our strength. We take it back day by day, nothing is done over night but cook'in is an old saying. So for now think about changing before you think about the goal. you must understand that happiness and peace is the finish line, but my friend start the race.   and as you try you will come in 1st place.....start the race.