  making movesI was abused mildly as a child and then at theage  of 16 I entered arelationship  with a girl  who abused me really badly.I got out of that after some years but in doing so I lost pretty much everything. My children were put into foster care, I had no job , I was labelled the abuser (not by everyone but still by a lot of people), I have no friends or family and no real future in view.I have struggled with it and most of the time I am really unlucky, everything seems to go wrong for me. I got into college, I am studying to be a chef. I am now only 2 months away from qualifying and on assessments I have the highest scores in the college and constantly get positive feedback from my tutors, one of whom trained Jamie Oliver (but says Jamie Oliver has and will always be a substandard chef ). At this point I should really have a job. I have been looking for work for a few months now and have applied for so many jobs it is unreal, I was getting so depressed about not getting any responses.I went for a trial  shift last Thursday, and was working with the sous chef as the head chef was on holiday. Like I said everthing goes wrong for me my map showing me where to go was completly wrong so I spent 45 minutes looking for the place although I was just on time in the end. I got on pretty well with the sous chef and through conversation he could see I know my stuff, then he got me to fillet and bone some cod which I did faster than he expected, so he asked me to work the weekend for him while it was busy although only the head chef could actually give me a job he told me that if it was his choice I'd have the job. I worked the weekend and was asked to come in and work with the head chef on monday of this week to see for sure if they were giving me a job. I arrived ten minutes late on monday but still the head chef told me about half an hour into my shift, before service, that he wanted to give me a temporary job just to see if Ifit  in well for a month then after that he hopes to employ me fully .I am now working really long  hours, weekdays are usually 9 hour shifts but weekends are 15 hour shifts, I get about two weekdays per week off. The point is that despite everything I have now got a job and it is good for my cv because it is a well known gastro pub.I now feel a lot better because I feel like, although I have a long way to go before I am actually back  on track, I am starting to get somehere. I get on pretty well with all the other staff too so I am feeling pretty good about that too. I thought that I was trapped where I was and couldn't get even this far away from it which is only the first little step but it means a lot to me.I don't come on this site very often but whenever I do I never have anything positive to post so right now it is really good that finally I can say something good.