  Getting betterHello there my good friends at TTL. First of I don't even know what I'm about to say, but I am in the mood to write something, and feel like I have to get all this down before I can go to sleep. Well the main reason for this post is to say that I really believe that I am getting better. This time last year I never knew a thing aboutdepression /anxiety. Don't get me wrong I knew the ins and outs of it, I went to workshops about it as I was doing Social Studies, I even had a few friends and family  members that were depressed  or had some sort of mental health problem, but I never knew what it was truly like to be depressed and suffering from anxiety.It all started out in May just gone, I am not going to go into the details as I'm sure there is a post of mine floating around here at TTL about it. I joined here I think in Sep 2010 because I was really really down and depressed. I was waiting to see the shrink, and to be honest I just wanted to die. Even though the whole anxiety started over health problems  I was having, which in turn turned into full blown depression, I still believed that I was better of dead. That the people in my life  had had enough of hearing me complain and moan and cry about myproblems . I was numb, and at the end of my rope. I truly dont know when I started to get better. Don't get me wrong, I didn't just wake up one morning and I was better, it took a few, horrible months to get where I am today. I only went to see my shrink twice. Once to get meds and the second to see how I was getting on. I asked her if she thought I needed any furthur support such as CBT and such, but she said that I didn't. Which makes me think that what I went through was something of a chemical imbalance. There was nothing really that bad about my life. I have a brother that has being on drugs all his life, and who is currently in jail in England, and a father who I can honestly say that I haven't seen a full  day sober since I can remember. I was always sick growing up over complications when I was born. I was in and out of hospital , but still that didn't really bother me. My brother over dosed when his son was only two weeks old and I had to bring him back, but still I got through that. Which is why this depression has being so frustrating and horrible to go through. I went through life battling an illness  and a brother who we didn't know would live to see his 21rst birthday, and all it took was for me to get a kidney infection and all of a sudden I wanted to end my life. The Summer of 2010 will always be remembered as the worst Summer of my life, but it is also going to be remembered as one of the most life learning lessons that I will get. I now know how precious life really is, and that life is what you make it. I left college because I knew I wasn't mentally strong enough to do it, so I left,, and it was thebest  choice I ever made. I really had to concentrate on my mental health and try and get back on track. I am on 15mg of Mirap once a night and I made a few decisions. I don't even know what the point of this post really is, I just wanted anyone out there reading this, that if you ever feel like you just want to end, and thatt there is nothing left out there for you to hold on, that there is. There is tomorrow. I know, I hated when someone told me "tomorrow is a new day". It really got on my nerves and got me even more down. But it is true. I am not saying that tomorrow you could just wake up and be happy, but tomorrow could be the day you get a break, another reason to life just another day. I learned to live one day at a time and try my best to be busy and to think of ways I could make myself feel even a tiny bit better. I just realised that this whole post has being a load of rubbish, so I will stop there. I just wanted to say that things truly do get better, and that I owe a lot to TTL. Not only is it a great place to get things of your chest, but a place where there is a great community who know what it is like to be depressed and who are there for support , and when they cant give that, they are here to listen and to just give you a well needed hug. So everyone here at TTL      to all of you.   On the other side.Of depression I mean. First off, I don't really want to write this thread. Mainly because I know that when I was in my darkest points and moods there was no way I was going to read anything that was written in the "Getting better" section. There was just something about reading other people getting better that made me that little bit more down about myself. Anytime I read one of them, I always thought " Why not me?" and that maybe my issues went a little bit deeper and that I'd never get better. That was me six months ago. At the start of the Summer last year I was grand. I was the way I always was. But something just snapped in me. I was sick, really sick and I was in and out of hospital. But still that shouldn't have made me go the way I went. The reason for this is because I've being in and out of hospital since I was younger. I was born with a medical condition  which meant that I had to stay in the Children's Hospital at least once every year, so the fact that I was sick again shouldn't have sent me the way I went. I really think that what I went through was more of a clinical depression than anything else. Cause really looking back, there wasn't really anything in my life  that should have me depressed. Ok I was under a lot of stress but nothing that couldn't be sorted out. After a few weeks of this I went to see the psych. There she told me that she thought that what I went through was a "Major depressive episode" and that she didn't really think that I would go through another one again. After I got all my blood work done and more tests , it came to light that my hormones were literally all over the place. Now I know some people say this and don't really mean it, it's just really a figure of speech for a bad mood, but the tests proved that my hormones were all out of wack. So that lead to more tests, and then I was prescribed anti D's. Since I've being taking them, my hormones have come back down to normal and since then I have being fine. I've went to a few support meetings and such, but I knew from the first meeting that I really shouldn't be there. The people that were there were there because they had/have horrible life experiences, and that I had nothing really to share to them. I went back to my psych and asked her if she thought that I needed to go and see a therapist or anything like that and she said no, she didn't think that I needed it. So I took that as a good sign. During all this I was doing a course. I got into uni for my hons Bach degree but I didn't have enough money so I decided that I do another course until I saved up enough to go to uni. But I was going through all this and couldn't find it in me to sit down and study, so I thought that the best  thing for me to do was to leave and to concentrate  on getting my self better. I do regret leaving now, but I knew that at the time it was the best thing I could have done. I know that in some situations that it is good to have something there to keep you busy, but it wasn't like that for me. I just couldn't get a grip on why I was like that, so I knew I had to leave. Since I left I've being working on how to make sure that something like that would never happen again. I started to read up on hormone changes in the body and how it can effect the mind. After a few weeks of researching I found that it was the depo injection I was getting as part ofbirth control  that made me go like that. I was on the pill for years, but started to forget to take it every day  and the same time everyday so thought that the injection ever three months would do better. I went back to my GP and said this to him, and he agreed, given the results of my tests, that it was more than likely the injection that got me like that. I'm a tiny person, and he said that the strength of the injection was obviously too much for me, but that he couldn't lessen it incase that it didn't work and he could get into trouble for doing it. So now I'm not on anything in concern of birth control.I've done a lot of soul searching these past six months. Thinking about what I really wanted to do in life, and what I should beconcentrating  on. So its six months on and I can finally say I'm better. I am 100% back to myself and thanks to the help  of Anti D's, TTL and anamazing  family, BF and Friends, I've come out the other side a better person. I know not many people here will read this, and I don't blame you. As I said earlier in this thread I was the exact same, I didn't want to go anywhere near the getting better thread. But I just wanted people to know that, if you find yourself depressed, and really don't know why, that you should go and have a serious talk with your doctor. It could be a little thing such as your hormones lol!