  Looking Back Makes Me Cringe	So I haven't been here for a while, not necessarily because I didn't need to come here but because I think I was embarrassed by my behavior before I decided to take a hiatus.Looking back now I realize that I was having a full-fledged meltdown. Last year I almost got kicked out of school for failing an entire semester's worth of classes. That caused me to sort of wake up and realize that I needed to change something in my life.I couldn't afford medication or therapy, though I think even now those are things that I still need, I made small changes. I started eating healthier, walking around in a lit house (as opposed to drawing all the curtains and lying in bed for hours on end), and creating a schedule. A major change I introduced into my life was a service puppy-in-training. I'm raising him for an organization. He has made the BIGGEST difference in my approach to life. I've had dogs before but this one is special. I'll miss him when he goes back to the facility but no one could ever replace what he has given me: confidence and independence.I lost a lot when my friend committed suicide. I no longer have any friends, I live at home, I went from being an A student to a failing student (now I'm a C student), but most of all I lost all confidence in myself. I've gained a lot of that back now and at times I actually feel happy.When I see these posts from about 6 months to 2 years ago now I just shiver. I cannot even remember writing most of them and I'm not even sure who that person was. The worst few were the last few I posted. I really thought I was going to kill myself. And, to be honest, I half-heartedly tried a few times.No my life isn't happy-go-lucky and there are days where I feel depressed and wish I were dead, but now I feel that I have gained perspective, that I want to try to ride this wave out to see how much better it might get. Most of all, I never want the people I love to have to go through what I have been through.Sorry, I kind of rambled on and on. I just want the people reading this thread to perhaps identify with my experience or find it to be inspirational in some way.


  Amazing What You Learn When You're DesperateDuring last month's moneyproblems , I made an effort tofind cheaper stores and alternatives to products that I usually buy. In doing so, I found that many of thealternative  foods, like imitation cereals, are just as, if not more healthy, than the brand name stuff, at a lower price. I also noticed that some stores sell the same grocery for more or less than the next store. For instance, I occasionally buy Fruit Loops for Mom, which cost about $4.00 at the store I used to go for about 99% of my non-supermarket shopping. But another brand at another store charges about $1.69.My finances are good now, but I'm holding onto what I learned like reins on a horse. I browse  through different stores and make notes of who is selling what at the lowest price.My finances were so bad last month that I risked getting sued by transferring my mother's  pension checksback  to my address. The rehab was taking the checks because they threatened to sue if I didn't give it to them.We made a deal early this month where I can just pay them a portion of the pension, rather than all of it.My printer had been messed up for the past few weeks. The color cartridges, anyway. That left me with black and white versions of my flyers and business cards, which did not look as good in many cases. That led me back to the drawing board to design new flyers and cards that look good in black and white. Apparently, my prospects like these even better because I get more feedback.I just "fixed" my printer. The problem  was that I needed a new color cartridge, rather than the re-manufactured stuff I bought 4 of. One good thing that came out is that I don't have to worry about running out of colored ink for a long  time  .


  Trying to make good out of the badI think I've hit the worst point ever in my life this week. And yet, there's a very tiny, almost microscopicpart  of me that doesn't want to quit, even though 99.9% of me does. It got me thinking about why this is happening, why am I being put through this. I try and tell myself that there's a reason that this all is happening, even if it's all a bunch of crap. Even though I'm at a point where I can feel terrible and feel a little better multiple times in the day, I'm writing this at a time where I'm trying to feel better . So I apologize if I start spiraling out of control again soon.But at this moment, what are three things that sometimes make you feel that all the crap you go through is worth it?1. I'm a more compassionate, understanding person2. I'm learning  not to not rely on anyone3. I was able to meet all you, wonderful people



  Ferrets hereI cancelledtherapy thismorning ....I didn't go once in the 2 weeks I could have. SO today I just said I cancel it for now and see how I go.Tbh since riding I have felt better with in myself, I don't know what it is but at the minute everything is ok for once.My and other half are good...more then good...great in fact. That girl  may try wiggle her way in and test me and other half but he wouldn't go with her anyway, if only she knew the things he says.But I feel like Iam doing better.I won't leave here though.....nope I will remain and support people as much as I can.May have some days when Iam low but I do feel better with in myself, not 100% but better then I was last year.I want to say a big thank you to those that have helped.Pixy, Aries, Steven, Ghost, Mmch and many more (sorry if missed your names).Your all been so great and supportive.This community  is one of the best  I have found.You are all stars and I truly hope that you all do get a break in life  and be better too :)



  Where I've Been	Those of you who remember me know I was a very anti-social guy who especially hated hismother , and came here on adaily basis. As I said in other threads, I made a few changes in my life , which gave me a much more positive mindset.Networking marketing (my line of work) is big onpersonal  development. I've been studying this stuff and taking it very seriously for these past few months. Studying things like Law of Attraction, visualization, positive expectations, goal setting, subconscious programming, and so on. These studies  and the resulting shifts in my mindset have done wonders for me and my depression .- I created an affirmation that instantly diffuses my negative thoughts -- "Thank you for sharing, Monkey (a name for my part  of the brain  that wants to get angry), now go back to your cage.I've had some truly amazing moments in my life. I actually went two separate whole weeks without getting angry, and I have an anger management problem! I got my biggest business critic to help  me with my business (she is a toll collector, and she and her friends give my flyers to drivers who go through their booth). A certain friend of Mom's who I really can't stand moved to another state.


  A few things I want you to know.At age of 20 I was 105 pounds and 5.6 feet.I was suicidal because I had no girlfriend, sex, friends, hobbies and lived at my moms house. However I could never do it cause my survival instinct was so fierce.Now I'm 25 176 pounds and 5.7 feet. I have cool job. Friends. Vehicles. I can travel wherever I want and do whatever I want also I can play guitar, drums I can draw and many other things which I couldn't do before. I'm swimming in females. And my life is better then I could imagine in my 20's.So this is for all suicidal bros out there(males I am not expert on females).These are things I learned from my experience and you may find them useful.I also will use foul language(easier to express myself may moderators have mercy on me^^).Anyway here it goes.---Never harm your body on purpose. You will regret it 100%.Talk about your suicidal and homicidal(yes I had those) thoughts only if you're sure the person will not spread em further and will understand em properly. You have to know the person very well before you talk.And it should only be between you 2 and it should never spread. The person must know how to keep a secret.Read these books, they could be very helpful to you.How to Win Friends and Influence People - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaHow to Stop Worrying and Start Living - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaThe Art of War - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaDo physical exercises(I recommend swimming hall and gym and running in nature) and brain exercises(sudoku, math, puzzles, chess) no matter what happens in your life. Your health is your number 1 priority for the rest of your life. Your body is your sanctuary for the rest of your life so take good care of it. No matter how shitty your life gets exercises will make you stronger and make you feel better. Your body and your mind are most important things in your life. The life can be bad but then it can be good so if your life is shit now while you improve your health when life gets good you can live it in more healthier body which is awesome of course.Take a walk 2 hours in sunlight everyday. Will make you feel a lot better. Sunlight generates good chemicals in your body which will make you feel better.Explore. If everyone around you is full of shit and you got nothing fun to do then remember that you know like 50 people out of 7 billion on earth and there are millions of activities you never heard of and millions songs you never heard and millions of movies you never seen and million places you haven't been at. You seen only 99% of life and you give up. Explore the other 99% and you will find something you like.Do bunjy jumping, purchase a suzuki motorbike and travel around the country. Try some cool jobs. Swim in ocean. Do scuba diving. Jump with a parachute. Do some crazy shit. Explore. There is ton of fun shit and you will find it if you look hard enough. I also recommend visiting some country with shit conditions like no water and food and bad hygiene so you will appreciate simple things like bath and shower.You can even move to another country and try some job over there. It might turn out like a fun adventure.Talk to people. Even if you hate it. Even if you have no friends. Most of activities I do now I learned from other people who I only talked to once. Every person knows something you don't know. You can scramble those pieces of information to make your life even more fun then it already is.Don't be too dependent. Don't be sad if you have no friends now. Getting sad won't get you friends. Have fun without em.I don't say you shouldn't look for friends but if they are not around do something else. Friends will show up on the way. Friends should not be your top priority. It never works that way. Friends should be acquired naturally not by force. If you happy without friends and have activities and goals you will get friends. If you're social skills are shit you need to talk to people at least 2 hours per day to practice. Practice makes perfect. The 3 books I recommended will teach you a lot of valuable stuff about social skills and about life itself.Set goals. Goals is necessary part of a human being. Without goals humans get sad. You should set goals high and achieve them. After you achieve them set new goals and move towards them. Other things like relationships and friends should be second priority while goals you set should be number 1 priority. That way you will have rich and happy life.Don't get angry for no good reason and don't get angry unless you will act on that anger. If you get angry and you can't get it out it's better to just let it go.Learn how to let go and forget(I don't say forgive. Not everyone should be forgiven but you should learn how to forget that's for sure. Leave em or it in the past and don't let it bother you in present or future).Don't use violence unless it is absolutely necessary(survival and self-defense). Almost everyone who uses violence for no good reason regrets it later cause they gain almost no satisfaction but get bunch of problems in the package. If you get bullied or something let the authorities deal with it. It's not your problem let the authorities worry about it as well as everything else they should take care of.Don't be lazy. Laziness is what fucks you up most believe me.You need to be motivated at all times and move towards the goals you set. Don't fall down and give up. Never give up.If you won't let laziness bring you down and keep going you will be astonished by how much you achieved later on. Besides if you just be sad and lay in bed all the time your life won't improve.Nobody is improved in someone who just sits on the couch everyday, watched TV shows till the end of days.Be active and move upwards and improve your life.Don't forget to be nice to people though. People don't like assholes^^Don't talk about what you don't want. Feel free to say "I don't want to talk about it" or "I don't want to get into that right now" and if you want to walk away by any means do so.Learn to relax and take a break. Many people forgot how to do that. Just take a walk in the park/forest or lay down on the bed and listen to music and don't think about the bad things. Some hours of day dreaming would not be a bad thing for you as well. Just relax for a while and then get back to your awesome life.There are situations where you need to take a break from people. If you are frustrated with people you can isolate yourself from them for a little while and when you feel comfortable again you can dive back in society.Don't want something too badly. It can fuck you up.If you want friends too much when you don't have em you might get very sad which is not a good thing. You should of course do what you have to do(like achieving your goals and keep talking to people) but don't want it too badly. If you don't have something RIGHT NOW don't let it drive you insane.Learn to ignore. If you learn how to ignore then the crappy information, advertisements, mental bullying and ton of other junk won't bother you which is great.Be happy with your body. That's how you were born. I am against plastic surgeries etc unless you been in a fire accident or something^^Watch and listen to these awesome comediansBill Hicks - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaGeorge Carlin - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaThey changed my life for the better. They are AWESOME.Watch this videoNEVER GIVE UP, Nick Vujicic in a School - YouTubeAnd watch this movieYes Man (film) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaAnd an ending note. Life never gets bad enough to die. I'd rather be drunk homeless hobo under the bridge then a dead man.A wolf can chew off it's own paw if the survival instinct is that fierce. So is mine.You need to struggle for your happiness and when you will make progress you will feel the satisfaction which is incredible feeling.Stay strong. Stay SMART. Stay happy and stay alive. And REGRET NOTHING. You can't change the past. Don't do same mistakes in future however.Good luck.If I helped at least one person I am satisfied.








