Busy, busy, busyWell I have been feeling happier lately, what with volunteering at local Food bank, social group through MIND, just re-joined Slimming world and a meeting on stress, which lasts for several months.My doctor reckons I haven't got depression as such (what that means, I don't know ) and that I have to go see her before Christmas. She reckons I need another 6 months then see if I'm fit to start looking for a job.I've now finished seeing my health trainer as it's come to an end for me.However we shall stay in touch and if in 3 months, I feel like going back to start again, then I shall be allowed to.Ok I've not been walking my beagle on nights, like I use to, I know I shall start soon.Having said that, I took both my ageing lab and beagle through town today, they waited outside the bank (tied up) and chemist for me. Then we stopped at one of the pet food stalls as my town has not only a Saturday market, but also a Wednesday one too.Had to walk slow for Cathy though, she has arthritis in all four legs and limps.She was prescribed tablets, though they are not working so think I shall try something different. Well I've had some good days lately, whether that's because I've been busy and socialising I don't know, however, I'm loving having plenty of friends. Now I'm not a "Billy -no mates"  Feeling better.Took my moodscope test last night and scored my highest ever score. 79%. I feel normal again at the moment, long may it last!!Felt good enough to tackle the garden which has been largely left neglected since mum and dad moved out 4 years ago. Bought loads of discounted plants and turned out pots and troughs that were full of weeds and dying plants and planted them up with bedding plants. Thought that "well we are defiantly going to be here for the summer even if we get a sale tomorrow so might as well have something nice to look at for a while!" Even got hubby and the two kids helping as well (even got my son away from his computer and in the garden for a while)Finally getting through it? *trigger*Hi allIts was last November that I posted and I guess there are lots of new people on here now who don't know me. SO my name is Pen, I am female, I am far to close to 50 for my own comfort, I have two pretty well grown up kids who live with me and a really complicated relationship with my husband of 23 years. I used to be a senior manager in IT until a series of events kicked off major clinical depression and I lost my job, 6 years ago. Now I have gone back to college and am just in my last year of a BA in Contemporary Art and professional studies (Otherwise known as how to be a professional artist and hopefully not starve whilst doing it!). In the last year things have finally started to get better. When I first got depression I was really ill. I was terrified of how I would cope, how I would pay the bills as depression and anxiety meant that I could not face even applying for other jobs yet alone dealing with working again. Over the years I have had really bad spells when I was convinced that I should kill myself as the world would be better without me and not so bad spells. In the last six months the not so bad spells have become good spells. The really bad spells have become rare and in the last couple of months have lasted hours rather than days.My life has changed in ways that I could not have predicted when this all started and I have had to take a really hard long look at myself and decide what is really important to me. The changes have been scary but ultimately made things better.I sold the house that I part owned with my deceased mother at the beginning of February which meant I could pay my brothers their inheritance and buy out right a smaller house in a more convenient part of town and I could save some money. The new house comes with a lovely double garage that I am converting into a studio/training room and I plan to run courses in ceramics (which is my specialty) as well as other art stuff. All the research I have done suggests that this will be popular in the area so I am hoping to make enough to pay the bills.I now feel stronger than I have for years. Things like a nasty letter from my the solicitor of my Brother in Law (very long story involving another house belonging to my husbands family) I can now put to one side to deal with later without feeling that I either need to reach for the lorzapam or go and hide under the duvet whilst my insides turn themselves upside down.Five years ago I asked a psychiatrist how long it would take for me to get better, he did not know the answer of course, but if he had said 5 years I would have been horrified but everyone gets through this at their own pace.I am still on anti depressants albeit at a reduced dose but have come off all the anxiety medication. I am still with the community mental health team but have been stepped down so that I no longer have a care coordinator just a "reviewing officer" who will be in touch in about 6 months. If things get bad again I can still call the team if I need help and if it becomes another long spell I would be allocated my old Care coordinator again quickly.I thought I would share this to reassure people that you can get through this, even if life has to change to make it happen. There are a few things I have learnt along the way that I would also like to share:-Learn yourself. It took me years but I now can tell when things are starting me on the downward spiral and that I need to do something to stop it like going to bed early, or stopping what I am doing and do something else.Learn which friends you can trust. I have lost so many friends through my illness, friends I thought would understand but who really just could not "get" my illness and walked out of my life and it HURT. I now have a few really good friends that I can tell when I am having a bad time and friends who I would have a laugh and a joke with but would never tell how I was really feeling.Get out the house and try to talk to someone everyday. Even if it is only going to the shop for a bottle of milk, use the till not the self service and talk to the cashier!Exercise really does help but you don't need to go to the gym or jog for hours. Even when you feel that putting on clothes is a bridge too far, try and go for a walk. I have a dog called Ember and we walk for about an hour to an hour and a half every day.To quote the Americans "Don't sweat over the small stuff" When you are down you only have a small amount of energy, use it on whats important. Pay the bills, eat and drink, get to the appointments. The housework can wait till you feel better (or get someone else to do it!).