  This Was a Fun WeekendI went to the Millionaire Mind Intensive thisweekend . It was my second MMI event, and it was almost as fun. I say almost because acouple  ofactivities were done last time I was there, and they were shocking when I first did them.A few exercises at the seminar focused on dealing with past events that affect  us today in a bad way. At some point, we had to write negative experiences  and how it affects us today, then pick a partner and share  it with them. I never -- not even the first time I was there -- told anyone about my situation with that former friend who abused me. My partner was very compassionate and non-judgement, and -- although partners were to just listen and not comment on what the other was saying, my partner gave some interesting insight.One experience I shared was my growing up "spoiled" (as some would label it) and still living off Mom's  income because my business has yet to boom. And feeling ashamed and weak after hearing so many success stories of people who started with WAY less advantages than me.He basically told me to not compare myself to others and that everyone has a story, regardless of their privileges. And that my advantages only help me do better at what the other people had trouble doing, just like some of them could overcome my challenges with relative ease.And there was a lot of energy there. I am not by ANY means a hyper, enthusiastic, goofy, bouncy person. But being around so many people who were doing the same, and having speakers who encourage the audience to stay active as much as possible, had me pumped up to where I was like a different person. It was amazing. I can only recall one other time I did that, and it was at my first MMI weekend. I even got on stage and danced to the music. In the back  row of dancers, of course  .I am a very quiet person. Most people have to tell me to repeat myself when I talk. About 85% of the time, yet I still speak with the same volume   . Anyway, that was gone for the most part  of the event. Heck, I was screaming, cheering, and talking over loud audiences half of the time.Needless to say, I'm not as angry and paranoid as I was before the weekend. I wish they had those events every weekend. The next one in New Jersey won't be until December  .