  Life is goodUf-da. Frustrating day. I have to remind myself of how good I've got it but days like today are just draining.My life is very good, even if I live with a nearly constant depression. I hold down a good job and do well at it, I pay my bills. Lately that seems to be the extent of my accomplishments, but that's something, right? Many aren't able to do that much.This job is part of a career change, something I accomplished while living with depression. I made a success of the switch, rolling with the changes, ignoring or dealing with the challenges. I am also coming up on 29 years clean and sober .I have friends who are supportive, but truthfully, I don't talk about depression. That seems to backfire - I end up having to assuage the concerns of those people that I confide in. How's that for ironic? Telling someone that you are struggling but then having to deal with their worry. Better to remain silent on the subject and cope with it. I realy just want someone to listen and empathize, but it doesn't work out like that, not even with therapists.I don't know exactly what happened with therapists, but I'm going to guess that a therapist was sued when they didn't disclose that a patient of theirs was struggling and then that patient went on to do some harm. Nowadays, therapists will tell you right away that they are obliged to report any concerns they may have about a client if the therapists has any reason to believe that the client is a danger.I actually experienced something like this being reported. I was going through a divorce, my job was at a stressful point, etc. A friend at work suggested that I take advantage of the "Employee Assistance Program" sponsored by the company I had been working at. She had done so and reported that it was helpful. Well, I tried it out.The "therapist" started the session by informing me that he was obliged to report it if he felt there was something concerning to him. This was about the time that so many American postal workers were going into their jobs and shooting the place up. The expression was 'going postal', remember? And when the "therapist" brought it up his need to report concerns, I said something like "oh, like going 'postal'?" I suspect that was enough for him to feel concerned.So, here I was, going though a rough patch, and now I had the company security people suddenly keeping track of me. Nice. Like I didn't have enough stress already that the "threapist" now has the rent-a-cops watching me. My recommendation; the internet, although not really anonymous, does provide a way to vent.If you've read this far, just reply by saying 'hi'. And know that I appreciate you.But, yes, I feel like a success in coping with depression. I need to get back to excersizing, that works well for me, but I do alright.I'm feeling better  after sharing all this. I'll update my resume and apply for a job. That seems to help, too.Love you guys. Life is a unexpected adventure. Savor the adventures, good and bad.