  I think I got a jobSo I done a trial  shift at a bar last night only 2 1/2 hour shift. I have done barwork  before but this bar is a bit more up class. Making cocktails was HARD, there was only 15 I had to learn but it was hard to remember the different techniques for each one, and apparently they are upping it to a 50 cocktail list  in a few weeks  But at the end of the shift, the guy I had been working  with (assistant manager) said that he can't see any reason why I couldn't work there but he had to chat to the manager. And they will give me a call in a few days :)Yay a job  with a reliable income . And it don't open until 5pm so I can get stuff done during the day. CooolAlthough maybe not the best  job for a recovering alcoholic... But it's not like i can drink at work  The storm has passedI don't think I'm depressed anymore... I have life problems , but not depression. I've learned in the 10+ years how to cope pretty  well.Idk.... I just don't feel.... Down anymore.My life could be better, I'd like to not be an alcoholic and I'd like more money.... But I'm really skilled and I could make that if I find  a good job .But money shmoney..... Who cares. I got a great family, a beautiful woman, a lovely little girl , a baby boy on way.... I make enough to feed them and pay the rent....when I signed up at TTL I was pennyless, living in my mates damp basement in a tent, had to steal food, was taking loads of drugs  and just wanted to isolate myself...I've come quite far really, I've done ok :)I'm gonna stay here tho as I love this place and all the people here  I'm feelin good today  Im so happyi have had a great day in so many ways.nomally my day consists of waking up, drinking 10 cups of coffee and siting onthe internet  all day. you have probs noticed im on ttl a LOT, hunting for jobs or im play online flash games or pissing people off on facebook.Well today i thought FUCK IT, i got up put my laptop away and decided to to go and do some gardening. i got up at 9 and when and built a compost bin out of stuff around the garden (and stole some suff from skips), i turned over about a ton of earth and choped some logs to hammer in as a border. its looking really good noe, although it needs some more work  done on it. i worked from 9ish am to about 8pm and was just so happy to be doing something contrauctive (i ache so bad though lol )At about 2pm i got a call from an old client, saying he wants his whole house re painted, booooom, thats a easy grand cash in handthen a few hours later a got a call from a local bar say they want to take me on for a trial  shift, whch i know i will blitz. i am after all an alcohlic and know how to make every drinkyou can throw at me. SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOI may have a job  next week, minimum wange.... pffft i dont give a shit.However what this income  meens is....... and this is the BIGGIEi might be able to move in with my GF and my daughter and thats all i wanti want to strip down naked and run down the street naked screaming FUCK YEAHi havent felt so happy in...... in .... well i cant remember     :bigg rin:   LOVE YOU ALL      im sorry you are all having a hard time, but days like this happen, i want them to happen to you all. i feel kinda guity posting this coz i just want thebest  for you all :)