  I'm hurting, but it's not depressionHaven't posted here in regularly in a loooooong time. Here goes...It's been about a year since I truly started recovering from depression. At my worst, I struggled with alcohol abuse, self harm and an eating disorder . I've been through CBT and I continue to take fluoxetine.Last December I met the first woman I would ever have a proper relationship with. I'd dated before, had a girlfriend as a teenager and all that, never a serious adult relationship. She changed me in many ways. She treated  me with nothing but kindness and respect and she knew how to make mefeel great  about myself.Last week, we broke up. It hasn't been easy, and the temptation to fall back  into bad habits of getting drunk and not eating has been hard to resist. But I've forced myself to eat and aside from the first few days after we split, I've stayed sober . I'm a big fan of rock climbing, something I always  did with her, so I've signed up to a website where I can meet other people looking for climbing partners. I'm starting Jujitsu lessons in a few weeks. I'm relaxing with friends instead of retreating to my room. So yeah, I'm sad , why wouldn't I be? She made me happier than I can ever remember feeling and it hurts to know she's gone. But it's the pain of a break up that I'm dealing with here, not a relapse of depression. I can still find  hope and strength, and I know things will get better. I'll move on, learn to be happy without her, meet someone new, immerse myself in my hobbies. When I was truly depressed , I wouldn't have done any of those things.  You can and will get betterA year ago I was drinking too much, struggling with bulimia and alcohol abuse, and self harming. If you'd have told me then that a year later I'd have an awesome girlfriend, hobbies and passions, I'd have never believed you. If you'd have told me that therapy and meds worked I'd have been skeptical. If you'd have told me things could get better I'd have been too miserable to fight. But this is all true, and if they can be true for they can be true for me too. Keep fighting, things can get better.  I don't think I'm depressed anymoreI'm on Fluoxetine and it's working, my drinking is pretty much under control, I haven't self harmed in over 6 months, I haven't purged my food in about 3 months and even that was just a once off. I'm in a relationship that's going well, I have some good friends around me, I've found a wonderful hobby in rock wall climbing and I eat healthily and work out regularly to help me with that. I'm usually in a good mood, I'm happy in who I am, I deal much better with stress, I have much higher self-esteem and generally I enjoy living. I can't quite believe I've made it this far, but I have.  Getting over public nudityFor so long I had real anxiety  about public nudity, ie changing rooms. I felt insecure that I was too fat and moreso that other guys might have bigger penises than me and would laugh  at mine. After some phases of self harm left me scarred it didn't exactlyhelp . Recently however, not least since I've lost a lot of weight anyway, I have far more body confidence. I'm fine with the scars and don't really give a shit who sees them (they're not that obvious anyway). However, I was still really self-conscious about anyone seeing my penis. I guess because my self-esteem has improved immensely since I started seeing my girlfriend (who certainly doesn't think my penis is small  ) I finally took the plunge today when I went for a swim. After I got out I had to shower and dry  myself completely naked in front of other guys. There were cubicles there but I wanted to prove to myself I could do it and be fine with it. And I am! I didn't care. Something that for so long  has been damn near impossible for me to do is now easy ! I sounds so silly I know, but it means something to me.