  Back From the Brink (Trigger: suicide attempt)	My last thread here was in the month of December of 2009. The beginning of the worst Holiday Season for most people with severe depression. Having made it through the Christmas chaos without being completely traumatized I let my guard down long enough during the first part of January to allow my negative feelings to creep back in like an old welcome friend. Setting back into my old ways of on again off again med treatment I would feel fine for a day or so and then crash. During one of these cycles I decided that I had had enough. I found no problem to be able to try to commit suicide. My next door neighbor found me. I was more concerned about making a huge mess for someone to clean up than I was about how long it would take for me to die. After a short stint in the Hospital I was transferred to the local mental facility for what turned out to be an extended stay. They tend to frown on your third suicide attempt. Counseling, group therapy, coping skills, I had done it all before so it came natural to me. The cigarette breaks my only form of solice from the captors that treated me as if just another lost sole in the sea of many. I would like to say that the time spent there, the over zealous doctors, the many hours of therapy and the complete sense of desperation helped to change my outlook on my situation, but alas they did not. The thing that helped me most was the change in medication.Hey now I'm only up to 8 pills a day to help me deal with my depression. I guess that fact of the matter is, I had a weak period where I let the negative thoughts take over and didn't use the skills that I had to try to change those thoughts so I just kept getting worse and worse. That's why they are called coping skills. And they do just that, they help you cope. Day by day is how I live my life. Trying to stay busy and focused on what I need to do. How I need to think. I would like to say that I am ok now, but hey, I don't know that for sure. My support group, gone. My friends gone or dead by their own hands. Trusting no one I will seek out the path that I think I should follow and try and stay on the straight and narrow. Thanks for the support and the recognition of my words. I am not afraid of death and there are many times when I welcome it, but I will let if find me. I will not seek it out again, for it is not my decision to do so. Please be aware of how you feel and be ready and able to change from your negative ways in order to stay in clearness of the fog that seems to consume us all. We are worthy adversaries of this world. To each his own master. The master of our destiny. Chose wisely my friend!Lonelylife