Everything sorted itself out in the endIts been a long time since I posted on this site, probably about a year, I only remembered it as I got a message from the forum on the email earlier. When I was posting on here last year, I was so depressed it was unbearable, suicide attempts, constantly on the suicide hotlines etc, I nearly had a psych hospital admission on a couple of occasions, I didn't think I was going to make it.This forum was really useful, to post my thoughts and relate to people who were in a similar situation.A year down the line I feel pretty good, mostly happy, sometimes very happy. The reality is that none of my practical situation or life situation has changed, nothing really has gone especially right for me, things are pretty much as they were when I was at my most depressed. Of course none of the things that happened to me through my life, in my past had changed.I can say for myself at least that my depression and feelings had nothing to do with my life situation really, even though I really thought so at the time, I was really convinced of it. I suspect it was more to do with what was going through my mind at that time, all those thoughts that I was going over and over all the time.As soon as I managed to get a little perspective on that and I began to realise just a little that it wasn't the things that had happened to me or what was going on in my life, but what was in my head I started to feel a bit better. Although it still took a long time to feel happier I did get there. When I felt like crap I just tended be ok with it, rather than desperately seeking to fix it all or find the cause of it. Bit by bit it just went away.I'm not sure if this will help anyone, but what really helped me was, as best as I could not always buying into all the thoughts that I had going on in my mind. If I had really believed everything going through my head then, I would be dead now.I guess what I'm trying to say is that its definitely possible for things to get better for a lot of people. When a person is depressed everything going through your mind can be really distorted and confused, at least it was for me. I think if someone who was as bad as I was with the repeated episodes of depression, just getting a bit better then relapsing over and over, can get to where I am now, feeling pretty good; with nothing in my life situation really changing. Then there must be hope for many people.Good luck and hang in there  