Gym Workouts Which WorkHope someone here finds this useful, at one time I certainly wouldn't, but I just want to stress how much better I feel now in comparison to the weekend.I forced myself to go to the gym today, and it's really helped me with my breathing, and that makes a world of difference to my anxiety, and ultimately that effects depression too. It seems exercise is one of the FEW things, besides anti-depressants, which relieves the depression and makes things easier temporarily. It's certainly no cure, but for me as long as I'm not deadly depressed all day, it's a good thing. Sometimes the "buzz" of overachieving, lasts a couple of days, and can give me quite a high - and that really does change my life in a number of ways. I have thought about changing my medication for a while now but tonight my mindset has completely changed. I've experimented with the gym for a while now, and it's hard to begin with, but it is a way for me to listen to my music after work, improve my fitness and physique, which goes some way to improving my mental state. And really getting my aggression out on running, is a great therapy for me. However, I really do punish myself in that regard, and I find that the harder I push myself and focus on my breathing after getting out of breath, the greater I feel afterwards. Currently I am actually feeling very happy and relieved. However I did a ridiculous amount of cardio and weights, my workout lasted 50 minutes or so and is really hard and tests you, but the reward for me is if I can keep this up, I might be being able to live my life how I want without fear of having to switch meds or possibly one day, be off them.Another great benefit of the gym, is the quality of sleep is better. That means as someone who used to not be able to sleep to put up a job for more than two weeks - I always sleep good. And even though the workout is hard, my body feels tired but my mind is buzzing with activity and positive thoughts afterwards.Your mind really does react differently when your breathing is betterHere is my workout which seems to be working for me. If anyone has any which work for them, please post them in here.1. 18 mins on running machine - at a speed which you can maintain but has you breathless at the end. Add another 2 minutes at the end if you can last another couple of minutes... do not go over 20. -breather for 4 mins-2. 150 calories on Cross-trainer. Try to maintain a steady pace so you are finding it tough but one that doesn't leave you completely out of breath. For the last 20 calories, go as hard and fast as possible until out of breath by the time you reach 150. "Cool down" for 5 minutes at the lowest setting until your heart rate is no longer high.3. Weights / machine. Do three sets of 10 on a weight which tests you. The first set should be reasonably easy, have a breather. The second set should have you aching before the end. Take another breather. The third set should test your muscles and leave you spent for breath by the end.At the end, cool down for five minutes until your heart rate is 125 or lower. 