  Who do you pretend to be? My Answer Inside:I was recently asked this question.. And I found it so interesting what was brought up in my head, only to realize what was delivered from my brain, and out to the other side. It took me a moment to think.. Is that true? Wait.. It couldn’t be. (Wow, I’ve finally done it?)Well it’s been so long  since I’ve posted here, done anything on these forums. I feel like I could have helped some people thru some tough times, but I’ve never openly expressed my feelings on here. However, this is something I would like to share with all of you.I would like to start this with a simple introduction: One day at school, someone (a close friend if that would matter) came to me and asked me directly, “Who do you pretend to be?” I sat there, honestly perplexed. My thoughts? Well ask yourself: What would your thoughts be if you got asked that. Now ask yourself: What would you answer to that question? Let me repeat the question. “Who do you pretend to be?” So many things were running thru my mind. I had two main principles running through my mind, and I couldn’t shake them. You could pretend what you weren’t; Just in a good way and a bad way. The good way, well that’s that. However the bad way, well that’s another story. The bad way could portray a side of you that you aren’t. In my perspective, this could lead to false identities, and in the worst case scenario, a corrupt way of living.Then I got to thinking, and there went my answer into the world. Would you like to know what it was? Well here it is:“Myself”That’s right. I really don’t believe I pretend to be other people. Furthermore, pretending to be other people would lead to depression . Why would it lead to depression you ask? Put simply, you aren’t being yourself. Have your parents or other figures ever told you to “Just Be Yourself”? Well there you go, and it could go no further. Not being yourself could depress the fact that it isn’t normal, or customary, ordinary, maybe even regular. This is the simple fact that derived me to tell that person:Who do you Pretend To Be? Myself.(Which isn’t pretending in the first place  )