  New way of looking at thingsI'm feeling a bit more like myself today.  I'm still a bit melancholy over the whole ordeal with mymother , but I'm not feeling as anxious and I've managed to make a nice day of it. It's rained on and off, so I stayed in a bit this morn and read Kierkegaard's The Concept of Anxiety I found Kierkegaard's description of anxiety  as dizziness to be quite comforting- I know I sound like an utter bampot to say that I'm comforted by the notion of dizziness, but to me, it somehow makes everything more managable. I've often, especially over the past month, felt completely at the mercy of my anxiety, and longed more than anything for freedom from my own mind. After reading Kierkegaard, I've come to understand the notion of being "free" a bit better- he states the freedom is the merely the "possibility to be able", and that anxiety is merely the "dizziness" of that freedom that is caused by man's recognition of (and likely, preoccupation with) the finiteness of this possibility- rather ironically, by allowing himself to become so disturbed by the idea  of his own limitations, he unwittingly reinforces them, hemming himself in to an even greater degree because anxiety, which is the product of this mentality, impairs the capacity which he already possesses.Dear Lord, listen to me- I sound like I'm writing a university assignment. Perhaps I'm having withdrawals. But that aside, it's a bit easier to see the whole task of working through anxiety as simply  slowing down and getting my head screwed on properly, rather than waging war against some large, elusive fiend that's trying to take possession of me. Everything I need in order to be free I've already got- I just need to figure some way to make myself slow down so I can be rid the dizziness and see more clearly what I need to do. . Anyway, basically, the whole point of this rambling is that I'm happy to have found understanding of the concept of anxiety that finally made some sort of sense to me, and the thought that it's within my capacity to apply this knowledge to improve my situation makes mefeel better . 