I Might Be Starting Work!HiSince being out of work for almost two years I have thought that the best thing to do since I have a chronic illness that waxes and wanes is to work to its advantages.- I am more tired during the morning and my energy levels are at their lowest.- I am more productive in the afternoon and evening and can get a lot done during these times.So, what have I thought about doing? Start a career in care work!!I love looking after people, helping them, talking to them etc. I was never really down as a people person because I am mostly shy around strangers and others who don't know me very well - but that doesn't make me antisocial or unfriendly. I would accompany my mum in her mobility scooter and I would walk alongside her as the scooter can match my walking speed (I'm not as fast as a motorbike but I almost powerwalk everywhere!) I would help her put the clothes on the line and load the dishwasher, reach for things she cannot and so on.I have an appointment to visit the care agency I applied to tomorrow and although I am nervous I am also hopeful about it.My relationship also broke down the weekend just gone. My boyfriend and I wanted different things - and it was the little things that added up. He wanted a certain type of car to replace my one and the ones he was interested in were ones I didn't like. We would joke about it as the cars I liked are more girly and cutesy but I didn't think it was something that mattered.So, either way I'll be looking to move out of the apartment I share with my boyfriend and be either moving in with my mum and stepdad 18 miles away from where I am or moving to their area after securing a place of my own. Hopefully I can get a place of my own if I get the position at the agency as well as use what's left of my redundancy package on a deposit and a month's rent in advance for the apartment.I would be moving away from my art class however and they're all such lovely people. But I must think for myself and gain some independence. I can still keep in touch with the guys from art group and go to support group meetings once every month as it isn't as if I'm on the other side of the world. One of my support group friends travels 24 miles to get to the meetings so if she can do it so can I.  I am nervous about visiting the care agency and I hope they like me. I did my research on the agency so as to make sure I know what I'm getting myself into, but I think the best thing is to use this illness to its advantages. Fight fire with fire!  