Small Changes That Improved Your ConditionWhat are some lifestyle changes you made after beginning treatment that helped your condition? I'm talking specifics-- obviously eating well, getting enough sleep, and exercise are key to both physical and mental health, but what little steps did you take to get there? I'll start.I've still got a long way to go, but here's what's helped me so far:  HOME/ENVIRONMENT:¥	keeping my bedroom neat and organized, and making my bed each morning¥	only use bed for sleep and sex and keep a bedtime routine (avoid screens for half an hour before bed, drink herbal tea and read)¥	getting 7+ hours of sleep¥	waking up early, spending as much time out of the house and getting as much sunshine as possibleFOOD:¥	eating enough calories every day and cooking large batches of food to throw together for easy, healthy meals¥	try to eat as many nutrients as possible (for me, I find I feel best when I eat mostly veggies, whole grains, pulses and meat, and limit dairy and sugar... but everyone's different!)¥	limiting myself to one cup of coffee a day before 11 amACTIVITY:¥	running 3 times a week¥	attending special events... concerts, lectures, festivals. I think it makes me feel like I'm taking advantage of an opportunity, and that makes me feel good¥	writing in my journal regularly¥	reading articles on my field of study... make me feel like I'm capable of developing on my own, and distract me from depressed thoughts¥	buying clothes that fit well, are comfortable, and make me feel prettyI don't do these things 100% of the time (because I'm human...) but notice that it is significantly easier to fight off my depression and anxiety when I do. I'm not sure if I stop doing them because the depression/anxiety gets worse, or if it gets worse because I stop doing them... but either way, I suppose it's worth the effort.  What I'm working on: ¥	meditating (starting with 10 minutes in the morning and evening)¥	stretching/yoga daily¥	stop reading internet comments, or spending less time on the internet in general¥	stop comparing myself to people's social media personas (or comparing myself to people in general)¥	working on things for long periods of time without succumbing to distractions... often, I only stop because of anxious thoughts, but the anxiety builds every time I let myself get distracted!¥	talking to people/speaking up in class... terrifies me because I have poor concentration and often feel like I'm not as smart as my peers, but I'll never grow if I don't try!¥	not beating myself up when I don't do the above perfectly :)Recovering From A Bout Of InsomniaDoes anyone have any tips? I've been sleeping about 1-2 hours a night for the past week because of anxiety, and the anxiety seems to be wearing off but I still feel awful. I have a pounding headache, and I slept basically all day today so I'm worried I won't sleep well at night. I think I might be dehydrated still since I get nauseous when i don't sleep well and have a hard time eating and drinking water, and my joints hurt. Anyone have any tips for getting back on a normal schedule?