  An Awakening...I was "talking" to a very dear friend today. This person reminded me, personally, of what I've lost sight of within my life. This person, I speak of, has much going onwithin their own life . I know they're going through a lot. When I was replying back, it hit me, like a bolt of lightning. I've been lost in the dark now for awhile. I've endured much unkindness & other things from people. The problem  is, that I've allowed it to continue & eat at me, like a squirrel devouring a peanut. It's just added to my own 'dark cloud's that loom over me.' What I got 'hit with' is the fact that I truly try to find forgiveness. Forgiveness for all that have done mean, terrible, or horrible things to me/my life. I find  it's not always easy to 'find' that for them, but I TRY, so very hard, no matter how much they continue with their unkindness. I've lost my own way on that path. I've enabled or allowed, if you will, those people to darken the very heart /soul of who I truly am. I've enabled them to 'shake' the very depth of the kind of person I used to be. I've allowed them to 'strike me down,' with how theytreat  me. This has been the 'black hole' that's 'engulfed me' as of lately. I realized, right then & there, that I must be the one to 'display' the maturity, even if other's are not 'playing fair with me.' They do their darnest to keep me out/off of the 'play ground,' & make other's avoid me.I feel now, that I must show the bullies on this 'play ground' that I will not allow/enable them to persist with how I'm treated . I must stand strong & find the forgivness twords them & all that they've done to me. I know it's not easy to find it, when you realize how someone else has damaged you, your life, or even your reputation. I struggle daily with being able to find it. That being said, you should find it in your own heart to forgive other's. That to me, is the biggest thing that we human's have forgotten. When you find that you can, it's like some kind of major weight's lifted off your shoulder's. You find, you can breathe, just a bit easier. You also find, that the sun shines, just a bit brighter in this world. The cloud's seem to have more 'designs' to them, the bird's sing more beautiful , & a smile fills your face . You feel happiness, that you just couldn't seem to find before. Even your heart  seems to 'beat a bit happier.' There's no way to truly thank this person for helping me realize, what I've been 'clouded by' for so long. We can make the difference IF we just believe we can. We can be the change of a 'new beat' IF we show we're no longer 'marching' to the old one. We can change how we (personally) feel, within ourselves or our lives, just because WE decided it's time too. We can 'shed the old' & 'apply the new.' It brings me down to these final thoughts. Nothing we do comes overnight. All good things, take our time & effort;repeatedly. We must not 'stray' from what we know is right. The dark cloud's that loom overhead, will pass quickly, IF we decide we don't need them. 