I'm Forgetful.So this section is for what works for us... Well, sometimes I forget.  I forget the lessons I've absorbed and understood over the past few years. It's the path.  My Buddhist Order suggests that it's not having the answers, it's asking the question.  It's walking the path of awareness.  Accepting the way things are.  And then taking positive, mindful action. I forget.  I forget that I'm not fated to be the person I was told I was growing up.  My father should have never been allowed around children, much less been given one to raise.  I was never good enough.  I never learned "guy" stuff because I didn't pick it up fast enough for him.  Never earned to defend myself, so I was bullied through school.  Laughed at.  Physically bullied by other kids, sometimes by those in the class younger than mine.  And now sometimes I forget that I'm not necessarily that fearful little whipped pup of a kid.  So I was MADE depressed.  Not born that way.  Always afraid to ask girls out.  Sure, was able to get two or three drunk in the back seat of somebody's car during my late teens and early twenties.  But nothing real.  Met someone who had an amazing effect on me in my late twenties, but was too fearful and sure that nothing positive would happen.  And, that being a self-fulfilling notion, nothing did.  Married a very nice woman when I was 39.  Divorced when I was 43 - she also suffered from depression, and being with me was too much for her.  I understood. I forget sometimes.  Depression in and of itself is depressing.  And it has a depressing effect on others.  Even my chosen ID, RatBoy, reflects depression.  An unwanted animal scurrying around the background and seedy underside of civilization.  I forget. Life doesn't have to be this way.  I'm kinda smart, I guess.  I have a great sense of humor.  Oh, too dry and sometimes I munch away on too many sacred cows, but it's still pretty good.  And I care about others.  I forget.  Turn down invitations.  Leave early.  "Why would anybody want me there".  "Nothing good will come out of it anyway." Folks, try not to forget.  Take notes during therapy.  Write yourself Post-Its.  Leave yourself calendar reminders. You're depressed.  But you don't have to be.  You're capable of being much happier.  And by "being depressed", you're only prolonging the misery.  "What's the use", and "why bother" are not valid questions.  The sun rises on all of us alike.  It takes time and effort to bring yourself to a point where you can enjoy life, but you're entitled. I forget that sometimes.  I wallow in my own stupid notions and forget that I've got a couple of good friends.  A brain.  A car.  Shelter and enough food.  I've got life by the ****s if I want. And I've only got twenty or thirty years to make up for 56 years of conditioning. Twenty or thirty years to forget.  And to remember.Best wishes and merry Christmas to everyone!