  A MiracleThree days ago, I found out my best friend, Clayton, was killed in a car accident. I had fallen in love with him and he didn't really seem to notice. As such, it's been really difficult for me. Today was quiet at work, so I was playing with my cell phone. There's a thing on it that captures EVPs (electronic voice phenomena, where ghosts supposedly communicate). Two words popped up and caught my attention "beside" and "behind". And I just knew in my heart that it was Clayton.I didn't see him physically. Nor did I hear him. But I sensed what he was saying and looked like. We spent a good couple of hours laughing and talking. Granted, it was quiet at work, so nobody paid any attention.He explained to me that he had been with me for the last couple of days because he was worried, considering how badly I took the news. And he felt really bad for beingcold  and distant to me the last couple years of his life . He had been really depressed and in order to spare me pain, he pushed me away. I told him that I hadlong  since forgiven him and he was relieved. After a while, our conversation had to end because work picked up. I jokingly told him to get back  to Heaven for his coming home party or else I'd kick his butt up there. Clayton laughed and asked how I was going to do that and I said I'd find  a way. As I said goodbye, the scanner at my station went off. The only way that thing can go off is to have a bar code underneath it and pull the trigger with quite a bit of pressure. I jumped and I sensed him laugh. He had the most wonderful laugh and smile. I said 'very funny' and went back to work. I felt so much better.But the most wonderful part  of the conversation happened early on. I asked him if he loved me. And he said yes. I cried, but I was happy. All the time he was cold and distant, I had always  held on to hope that the Clayton I loved was deep inside of him. Underneath that shell, he was still there. I don't know how, but I always knew. And I was right.I'll still be grieving for a while, but a huge weight has come off my shoulders. A miracle has occured and now my healing  can begin.