Life, the beauty!Right, im fed up of people being miserable when we are so amazingly privelaged.We need to remember we are born from stars, our bodies 13.7 billion years old, only the form is new. We are a part of the universe, a part which has the fortune to be AWARE of our part in the universe. Not only that, you are alive at the peak of human intelligence, we know so much and the information is freely available. You are so privelaged, you can go outside, look at the arm of the milky way in the sky and have the billions of stars shoot photons of light, millions of years across space and directly into your eyes!Not only that, nearly all energy on this planet can be traced to the sun. We are not only born from stars, nurtured by stars but we even run on star power!We have the technology to see more than our frail, flawed bodies naturally allow us to! We can see things from new perspectives.http://io9.com/5851078/a-stunning-ti...ghtless-summerWe now understand phenomena which once was thought only possible due to gods, the gods are now obsolete, the beauty of the world defies anything a god could ever conjure up from their bag of trickshttp://www.greeksky.gr/files/photos/...10616Storm.jpgEven i myself have been found guilty of not seeing the beauty on my own doorstep, it all comes down to perspective. I found a picture of a beautiful scene, which i instantly recognised as being a couple of miles from my workplace, all i needed to see the beauty in front of me was a fresh perspectivehttp://www.johnrobinsonphoto.com/wp-...C6903-0099.jpgThere really is beauty everywhere we look, i remember being a young lad when i first encountered what is known as singing sands, a natural phenomena which means that due to the shape of the grains of sand and the pockets of air, the sand actually sings, it gives of sound! Furthermore, sand, such a simple thing yet when you look for beauty you can even see it in the grains of sand, trillions of beautiful pieces of arthttp://discovermagazine.com/photos/0...rk-of-art?dupeWe think we are masters of this planet, stop for a moment and see how truly insignificant we arewww.inpic.ru/pic/6292-bf605ead.jpgThats not to say we are not worth anything, we are a part of life! life is truly amazing, a seed, so humble can produce a seemingly flimsy plant, yet life persists, forcing its way through our concrete world, life will always persist no matter what is put in its way!http://image.shutterstock.com/displa...t-29791255.jpgWhile there is the life below us there is even life above us, we now know that there are living organisms living in the clouds, not one part of this rock we call earth has not been inhabited. Next time you leave the house, pay attention to how many birds you see, life took to the skies by its own steam, colonising every niche that existshttp://www.happied.com/images/posts/...jpg?1275543859Life all evolved from the same abiogenesis, we are directly related to EVERYTHING in existence. We all share a common ancestor, yet through lifes perseverance it has took on amazing shapes and forms in order to progress further, to the extremes. Anglerfish reproduction shows the extremes, the male being vastly smaller than the female swims into the female biting onto and latching onto her, his body the gradually disintegrates into and becomes part of the female, untill all that is left is 2 testicles hanging of the female. Life is truly fascinating. Look at the barreleye fish for example, with a transparent head!http://images.nationalgeographic.com...52_600x450.jpgThe world is a truly amazing place, full of sights which we fail to go out and see which would enrich our lives so much more!photos.upi.com/slideshow/full/2dd083b83a56d98f150b61fd2a13a5ce/20-Striking-Natural-Disasters.jpgThe world holds wonders that even our imagination can not dream of. People spend their lives obsessed and engrossed in computer fantasy worlds when the true fantasy world is right outside our doors, look for example at the following creature, also known as blue dragonshttp://www.roboastra.com/hastslugs6/hpop19561.htmlSo basically my rant on here is to point out, the world out there is so full of beauty that we cant even comprehend and words even fail to describe it, so dont sit miserable caught up in a world of your own making. Go out and explore the planet that you are a part of. The earth is yours! fulfil your dreams and enjoy every minute of your life, realise how menial your problems are and love and laugh every day. Life is short, you could pack every day of your existence with wonder and awe. Love the world you are a part of!photos.lifeisphoto.ru/37/0/374521.jpgOne last thing to put on here, a video shared with me on this forum originally, a video that had a big impact on me, hopefully it will impact on you too, sharing some of the wonder of life with you!It lasts a while but it is worth the time spent watching it!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6w2M50_XdkAll my love,Ben