Recovery/remission After The Long Haul.....Forgive me, i'm not quite sure how to start this off- but I've been dealing with depression for most of my life- about 40 years or so. When I was a kid it was "nerves" then "Dysthymia", then "treatment-resistant depression" and finally "chronic Depression" I've been off and on medication since my early 20's, I never had health insurance for any appreciable length of time, so my treatment was pretty much on again, off again. If I was lucky I was able to see a therapist until I ran out of money, which was'nt very long. So treatment was pretty haphazard.Anyhooooo, long story short, I was able to find some meds a few years ago that helped my physical symptoms to some extent. (I get pretty foggy and confused, a lot of ringing in my ears (Tinnitus) and a few other symptons.I was also able to start therapy again after 10 plus years, I got lucky this time and found a good therapist that I really clicked with, so i've finally been able to see somebody whose techniqes really work for me. This is a great thing, im not complaining, believe me. But it's been interesting, to say the least. My brain is not used to the new programming just yet-- so a lot of the depressive thoughts- that were my standard anser to everything before, has now changed. But I dont exactly go to a "happy" place either. It's as if my brain goes into "freewheell" mode while it figures out what gear to shift into. It's very odd. Not a bad thing. just odd."recovery" is not what I expected at all..... I was half expecting some wierd ideal of "happiness" lots of laughing and frolicking and chuckling like some giddy moron. My life right now frankly, still sucks. Well, parts of it still suck- it's just the way I cope with it has changed quite a bit. which is Awesome. listen, i dont know if any of this made any sense- I guess what im trying to say is there anybody else out there who has had "recovery" after a long, chronic depression? I'm curious, because I know the wierd, twisted logic that helps keep you in depression can be pretty tough to crack