Because there is love...I came here a year and a half ago believing I would be dead by that Christmas. I survived. I am still here. Because there is love.It is easy to feel alone when your world is empty in real life – it is easy to focus on the negative and believe that there is nothing to go forward to, nothing to live for. There are threads on here asking “why are you still alive” and the answer is simply this: Because there is love.There are people in my life who believe that the internet isolates, that the people online are not “real” and do not “count”. Those people have never been here. Those people have never met the people on this forum. Those people do not understand that the internet saved me. This forum saved me. Because there is love.A community of people who are in many ways broken, in many ways defeated, in many ways considered by society at large to “not fit” or to not be “normal” has proved to me, when I believed nothing could, that people are good, that there are people who will reach out to someone in need regardless of their own pain, their own need, their own suffering, that people are worth believing in. Because there is love.There is love here in abundance and it is easy to dismiss it, and we shouldn’t. Its real. So this thread is for the people here that I love. I’d like it if people added to it – shared – because I think too often people here do not know how special and valued they are. If I were to mention every person here who has helped me, everyone who is special to me, I’d be here forever – but there are people to whom I want to say publically and loudly: I am here today because of you. You saved me. You gave me hope. I love you.•	Aaron (Lost81) – You give me the strength to believe that I am worth hanging onto. I love your patience and your kindness and your unnatural talent for pulling me out when I’m sinking. Thank you.•	Donna (Lostbutnotfound) – You kept me sane, kept me alive, at a time I thought without doubt I was lost. You know the darkest scariest parts of me and loved me anyway. I love your courage and your strength and your ludicrously foul mouth. Thank you.•	Ben (bhawk) – You are utterly, without a doubt, the most aggravating individual in my life and I love you for it. Your outlook on life is bizarre beyond compare but you are also, in some respects, the most sane person I know. You help me believe that who I am is okay. Thank you.•	Ben (NYJmpMaster) – You have the most immense amount of compassion and kindness whilst still being the unruffled voice of reason I so often need. Your intelligence, strength and calm assurance are things I admire and aspire to. I feel lucky to know you. Thank you.•	Vinny (Whispers) – You are an amazing man: fascinating and inspiring and stubborn and pig headed and warm and wise and endlessly patient. I haven’t known you long, but you made a huge difference to my life. Thank you.•	Ben (THX 1286) – If it hadn’t been for you back in Nov/Dec 2010 I wouldn’t be here. Simple as that. You were the person who made me believe it was possible to be forgiven – you accepted and supported when you didn’t even know me, had no reason to stay. I love your passion and your honesty. You are a good person. Thank you.I could carry on like this forever: Angie and Frank and Mark and Lee and Thorn and Katie and Toby and the list goes on and on.I am here because you exist. I am here because you are wonderful people. I am here because there is love.