  FightI just wanted to take a few moments and post this. Lots of us here are stuglling, sometimes even day to day. But I wish that everyone here finds the way to get better. So not just during this holiday time but during the rest of the year don't give up. Fight for the things you believe in, even if it seems like the whole world is againts you, fight and give hell to anyone or anything that tries to stand in the way of you getting better. I'm honored to be a part  of this community  and hope to be able to help others, even if just a little bit.Happy holidays , merry Christmas, happy kwanza, happy hanuka to everyone. Forgive me if I miss any. Those are the ones I know.  You shall not abuse!Ok sort of took part of that phrase from Gandalf but since I ain't a powerful mage, I have to use my wits. I'm starting this thread to serve as a reminder to my path oflearning  to not be taken advantage of.Lets start with today. Co-worker said that they needed to change a shift with me because they had a prior commitment. Funny thing that every single time they have a late shift and I have an early one, they suddenly have some "commitment" that they can't just skip. Well I say, let them miss it or look for someone else to change shifts with. I'm tired of always  being the nice guy and covering for everyone but then noone can ever cover for me when I have troubles.  Thinking with the mind of a childThis is something that I have started asking myself, something that in a way splits me down the middle. For so many years I livedunder  the rule that in life you had to take things seriously. High grades were necessary, behaving properly at all times, you had to have a goal in life, otherwise you would amount to nothing. Yet this illusion of necessity and seriousness has cracked bit by bit after all the years of hard work that led up to nothing, with more ego crushing experiences  than I care to count and that still happen whenever I try to foolishly live up to an expectation that I simply cannot meet.So while I continue looking for that ever elusive thing called happiness, I have come to see that the times when I can be content,because I wouldn't call it truly happy since they are fleeting, are the times in which I act childishly. The same kind of way as what a child would behave as, without a care in the world so long as they were playing, having fun and whatnot. Whenever I sit down and watch a cartoon I like or go buy a comic book or toy, or even sometimes just act contentedly ignorant of the rest of the world, I get that joyful feeling. The thing is that this has me confused because grown ups who act childishly are usually categorized as being either retarded and/or creepy by others and a part of me still thinks this way as well, especially since I look after 2 other family members and think to myself as a grown up, that such an attitude is irresponsible and therefore should not be indulged in. But I do enjoy the way I feel when I do let this attitude take over and wish that I could make that feeling last indeterminably rather than just a few seconds, every couple of weeks/months or so. If it was possible I would gladly trade my life now for a second chance at being a kid again and actually enjoying life instead of wasting it away seeking something that I was taught but never actually existed and that I sadly have come to realize now. Should such an attitude be permitted in oneself?Has anyone else experienced this in their lives?