Re: Yes, You Can Be Free From Depression! I Did It :)Hi everyone,I hope that you're doing well today. I wanted to address my post entitled "Yes, You Can Be Free From Depression! I Did It :)", since I'm unable to edit it anymore. Or I at least believe it to be the case. Firstly, I want to thank all of you who have read my original thread and have found hope and encouragement. Over the years, I've received numerous emails about it (and have responded to them all!) and feel it's important to address a few items: 0) Overall, I hope you'd look at it and even this thread (and any thread on any forum, for that matter) as a snapshot in time and inquire whether the author is still on track and stands by the things mentioned in a post that's piqued your interest. This is especially important in a forum that has the purpose of recovery and support. 1) The blog I mentioned in "Yes, You Can Be Free..." hasn't existed in years. As my mindset began to change, I felt it unnecessary to keep what was essentially an internet diary for things that were, in the grand scheme of things, irrelevant. I do wish that I had saved a hard copy of the posts on depression because they seemed to help or provide some personal insight to those who read it in the relatively short time the site was active. I would imagine they're out there somewhere, but I've yet to find it among my files. I'd do an internet snapshot search and copy/paste it to a document, but I don't remember the URL of the blog. 2) The "life-changing organization" I was soft-pitching in the post turned out to be a farce -- a borderline cult. So, if nothing else, it confirmed my suspicions about the organization itself and that the "information" they peddled is available to anyone who seeks it (for free) and that it's necessary to have people in your life who love you and support you completely without any other motives behind it. 3) I thought I'd provide a short list of things that have helped me over the years: ¥	seeing a therapist¥	reading "Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy"¥	having friends I can talk to when I need to talk¥	having a creative outlet (for me, it's guitar)¥	writing about the things that bother me¥	examining what I believe and who I believe As time has passed, I would say that my biggest obstacle in my life has been me. Jockeying for first place is a profoundly pessimistic existential outlook cultivated by decades of abuse of various kinds, the current world climate and the degredation of the fantasy of life propagated by society/societal programming. So, it's hard for me to believe in a greater hope sometimes given my seemingly sluggish advancement/development. My saving grace (and yours) has been (will be) finding appropriate coping mechanisms/strategies to help navigate through the ebbs and flows of life. While I would still say, by and large, I stand by much of what I wrote years ago in my recovery post (named as such for brevity's sake), I know there are things in it that are useless in actually assisting people in their journeys. And for that, I apologize. In closing, this is what I would want to impart to you: please begin to examine yourself in tandem with friends you really trust or, if you're seeing a therapist, with him or her. Do it sooner than later because your recovery could be expedited rather than waiting 20 years (like it has been for me) and just employing survival skills over actually evaluating what's happened, why you think what you think and behave how you behave in certain situations. Read "Feeling Good..." and similar books and please know this: If you have trouble loving yourself, there are a lot of people in your life who do love you quite a lot. You may refuse to believe it or deflect it because "How could they? If they knew me like I know me, they wouldn't love me" or some such line of thinking, but it's true. And if you sincerely believe that you don't have anyone in your life who feels that way about you, let me be that person for you. I love you because you continue to seek a real solution, you continue to fight in spite of great obstacles. That shows great courage, integrity and -- if you and I really think about it -- it shows you love yourself. I truly do hope that healing comes to you and you begin to enjoy a worthwhile life. I really do mean this -- it's not some empty platitude. I won't be on this site much, but if you want to say hi, I do answer every private message I receive through this site. Continue coming to The Depresssion Forums for support and encouragement; they're doing a good thing with it. Thanks for reading; I do hope you have a wonderful day <3 neonnightsky