I've Gotten Through Depression, You Can Too.Hi, how are you all feeling? good, I hope :). My name is Evan. I'm a 22 year old college student from Texas and from 2009 - 2012 I went though depression. I'm making this thread to simply, and hopefully, show that there is an end, there is a way to feel "normal". At it's lowest point, this website helped me out so much. Coming and reading the threads people post give me hope and made me feel that I'm not alone. without this site, I feel i would have gotten much worse. anyway, I wanna make to hopefully help someone or at least make you smile :). I'll start off with a small background of my depression. It all started in 2009 when I first moved to Texas. It was amazing when I first moved. I had so much hope! I was going to get my first job, get into school, meet new friends, and I was in a awsome new state! that didn't last long. Since I moved alway, I left everything. my amazing friends, my girlfriend, my hometown, pretty much everything and anything I knew. This all hit me like a ton of bricks. I didn't relize what I had intell it was gone. this is where my depression all started. over time, I learned to deal with it. I went back to St Louis ( my home town ) often and was still able to see everyone. I was working two jobs so i kept myself busy. the only reason I was able to keep myself happy is because I still had home. No, I didn't live there, but I still talked to everyone, and we planed things for when I came back. I pretty much tried to forget about my real life. I didn't do anything with my life in Texas, because I didn't want to. I was happy with this life intell for awhile but it didn't last. The vists home were less and less enjoyable. people moved on, went to college, had lives. so after time, safety net was gone and I had nothing. My depression was the worst for most of 2012. I felt like I had nothing. I talked to one friend from home, had like one friend here in Texas, and I was failing school like I had been for the past few semesters. after time I just shut down. The only time I left the house was to go to work or my sisters. when I wasn't sleeping, I played video games, or did anything mindless. anything to make the day go faster because there was honestly nothing to look forward to or do. after time I wasn't even upset, it was nomral to just not feel anything. It didn't mater that I had no hope or didn't wanna try anymore. I could have gotten hit my a car and it wouldn't have mattered. well shotly, after time, and sometime after I found this website. I started telling myself I had to get better. I didn't use medicaton but from what I've read it really helps some people out. I couldn't go on like this anymore. even though I felt dead, A small part of me wanted out, wanted to be happy again. I stated small. Eatting better, bushing my teeth, taking showers, singing along to my favorite feel-good songs. of course this didn't change over night but it slowly helped. it wasn't much, but at least it made me smile at some point in the day. I started to gain alittle bit of hope. I started to try and make something out of nothing. I knew I wasn't going to have the things I truly wanted in my heart just yet. Friends, a girl friend, happness, hope, but I had to give myself something. i bought a fish tank, and I loved it! leaning about the water, fish, and all the things i could do made me happy. Even though it was more then an hours drive, I found a small group of people who played Mortal Kombat and met up with them about once a month. I also started going over to my sisters house alot. we didn't really do much but it was better sitting in my room with nothing. it's these small things that led to a change in myself. showed me that everything is okay. It doesn't matter what happened in the past or what will happen in the future, I'll be okay. I honestly can't say I have everything I wanted when I was depressed. I don't know when I'll have all the things I want, but I don't need them to be happy. I still don't have many friends, and I've just now gotten a grip on school after 4 years but it's okay. I guess the most important thing that has helped me out is making something out of nothing, and finding a place where you are okay with yourself. I know it's hard but learn to beat out the negtive with postive. You're an amazing preson, you can be happy and you will. as I first stated I was once in a deep depression. I can't say I'm total cured. I still just wanna sleep all day sometimes. I still have bad, negtive thoughs, but I've learned how to controll myself. I just wanted to make this thread as a thank you to this site and the people who support it. I hope I've help someone out, and I want you to know you can get better =).