Hi everyone. I want to pass on some knowlege, and a technique that I have used to successfully rid my life of the pain associated with depression, low self esteem, and anxiety. For 20 years, with 12 years of medication, I faught these. Out of some great grace, one day I lost the will to fight anymore. That was a happy, happy day. These emotions are all still there, but not in the way they used to be. I'm finding that I don't mind sadness, or any emotion, as there is a sense of joy which is present in all of these states. If you have ever smiled or laughed while crying, you know this joy. This inner contentness, which lies beyond emotion, is the love of my life. It requires nothing- no drugs, no changing thought patterns, no money, nobody, nothing. It's in me, and it's in you, and I want to teach you all how you can experience it and nurture it. I believe it is all that is needed to heal the body and mind."I'm depressed, can this thing you speak of help me right now?"Maybe. I have a simple challenge for you. Just for a moment, take what you feel, and put all ideas about this feeling aside. Forget about the concept of depression, forget all the clinical information, forget whatever the cause of your feeling is and forget about whether the feeling is good or bad. Put all those thoughts aside, and allow yourself to fully feel what it is you do not want to feel most- that raw emotion which you have spent unimaginable amounts of time thinking about, massive amounts of energy trying to fight, and God knows how much money trying to find help for. Maybe it is that pure, sinking feeling of sadness. Don't wait for it to come to you. Go to it and be in it.Give it a moment.Now.. what was so bad about that?What you may have realized in that moment was that without the thoughts surrounding them, emotions pack very little punch, if any. Given that, and with of the greatest mistakes of my past in mind, I say please do not try to think your way out of any emotion. It doesn't work for fear, it doesn't work for sadness, it just doesn't work. But why is it so tempting to keep the thoughts running? What if we could find some way to just stop thinking? What would it be like?"I'm interested in discovering the answer to this question. What do I have to do?"Nothing. Absolutely nothing! Stop seeking, stop looking for a solution, stop looking for a way out. stop stop stop. Just stop! It is really that simple."How do I do nothing? How do I stop? It sounds hard."I said it was simple, not easy. It will become very easy, but right now, your mind is a raging ocean of thoughts. You need to stop those waves, but you can't just smack them down by force - more will just come popping up to hit you from the side. To turn that raging ocean into a flat, tranquil sea, you have to go deep down under and you have to and stay there. At first, you may be pulled back up to the surface a few times. The mind will probably rebell. It's a bit of a trickster too. It wants to keep thinking, and for that it needs your participation. It may hit you with a few extra waves. It will invent utterly insane thoughts and justifications just pull you into more thinking. Whatever happens, don't react. Don't participate. Refuse to let the waves push and pull you. Stay deep down, in the source. Soon, the waves will die down, the clouds will go away, and when you surface, you'll see and feel with the most beautiful clarity."OK, that's a nice analogy, but what do I actually need to do?"Take an hour or so, sit down alone in a quiet place, and be still. Really, be still. Be REALLY still. Don't move, don't look around, don't do anything. Just be. Don't try to force your thoughts to stop, just don't run with them. Make no effort to stop thoughts or deal with them in any way. When they come, just let them go, and let your attention fall effortlessly back into to that stillness, that emptiness which is onipresent here and now. That is the source.After a while, if you remain in this stillness, your thoughts will begin to grow weak. It may feel as if your body and mind are falling asleep, but you remain fully and clearly conscious. Thoughts will appear shorter, more distant, and more unreal. Eventually they will just about dissappear. Your emotions will fade away as well. In their place that sense of stillness will grow into a blissful, expansive peace. There's no limit to it. It will keep on growing until you get up and start moving around again. "How do I continue this practice? What's the end result?"Just keep going to and remaining in this state as often as possible. That's all you need to do. With practice, you'll be able to remain in this state even while going about day to day life. The end result is love for every single aspect of your life, body, and mind. "How much time will that take?"How much time will it take for what? There is nothing to change here, no goal to reach. All is perfectly well right now, you need only see that. Time must only be taken to weaken those thoughts and ideas that make it appear that there is a problem or that something is wrong. Don't worry about how much time it takes, just practice and see what happens. If you don't think you have the spare time to do nothing, just look at the amount of time spent thinking about and dealing with depression. Did all that effort ever really get you what you wanted? If not, you may as well have done nothing."If I don't think at all, I'll look stupid and do careless things. Maybe I won't even exist. How can the absence of thought be a good thing?"99% of active thinking is really just running in circles around old information which is already known or long past relevent to the situation. Though the mind thinks by nature, it's really not necessary to pay any attention to it. When your mind is emptied of all thoughts, you will understand how this can be. But know that not thinking does not inhibit one in the slightest, in fact it does the opposite. To me, thoughts appear, but they do not seem to be mine. They are so distant and weak that I usually do not even percieve them. I work as a computer engineer, and I do not need to think for this job. I live the same old life. But now that life is wonderful, complex, and full of love."How does this help depression and other emotional disorders?"When thoughts are constantly popping up to remind you of how you want to feel but can't feel, it is extremely painful and exhausting. There is a deep unfulfilled longing there, but the actual feeling itsself has nothing to do with it. Let your thoughts begin to subside, and you will see them for what they are- just objects of the imagination. Once this is known by experience, the thoughts will not bother you. Emotions will no longer bother you. Emotions will still be there, but they will be uncontiminated by thoughts such as "I don't like this" or "I feel bad." All will be equally enjoyable, and all will come and go with ease."If this works so well, why doesn't everyone know about it?The mind does not want to stop thinking, so it's not natural to think up this solution. Many have, however. Also, it's free, its easy, and it's effective, so you can't make money off of it. "Well, I've tried everything else. I may as well try this out."Please do. There is no risk, and a great reward to be found.