  No miracles, just progressionThere was a stage in my life where I thought I was getting significantly better, but I knew deep down inside it wasnt over. It was absurd to notice how much my system was relient on the medication . If I missed a day, it was literally chaos. But it is better than what it used to be, where I spent most of my nights up crying. I hid my emotions really well from the world and every evening I would retire to my room, crawl up in a ball in my bed and weep. Sometimes I couldnt even put my finger what on.Now I have met someone, he loves me so much, too much. We had some issues and I wasnt prepared for the full emotional investment of a relationship but with time I adapted. Ofcourse he would do anything for me and I care eternally for him to recipricate. I know my academic standards dont meet his and we are on two different levels if socially compared ; and I couldnt careless. Itssad  that everyone else has something to say.I know that my family wont be happy with my decision, apparently status is more important than love. Its all about how others percieve us. But I love him.I dont cry to sleep anymore as much as I use to, however still have my moments where I indulge  in the thoughts of death. Maybe its inevitable to want to expire from life sometimes for me, I am unsure. When I look back I think how much I wanted to end my life and thank myself that I didnt.Issues are still present but thats okay.Im greatful for whatever I do have.Sad that some people cant accept my hand to make ammends.I practice random acts of kindness which benefits both parties.We slowly progress in this difficult journey. Slowly. No miracle cures , just progression.  Future is mine.Im still snappy at times and aggressive other times. I can be stubborn and at times difficult. I decided to fuel my emotions through different ways. Going to the gym makes me feel fabulous. Eating healthy makes me feel like I am in control .At night time, I do tend to get lonely or sad at times. Other times I worry about the past or the future . I conditioned myself to start putting myself first though which means actually caring for myself. Its not easy  as it seems and each day is a struggle - but Im willing to do endure. I dunno when I will be 100% better but all I know is that I want to be. I know it will need more effort than what Im already putting in and suck alot of stregnth from me.. I refuse to submit to the darkness that tries to seduce me. Fuck it. My doctor said to go on Zoloft and I was too afraid to do that. I have me and only me and thats all I need. I hope I can write in the success stories section oneday.goodnight world!