 Things pets do to make you laughHi everyone,I often look at my 2 cats & think how much I love them, how much they make me laugh & how they are the only reason I'm still on this earth.  I'm interested in hearing about other people's pets & the positive impact they have on our lives, especially in times of distress. I have been the happy "employee" (dogs have owners & cats have staff) of 2 cats for 4 years now & every day they find new & hilarious ways to crack me up.  I had gone to the Lort Smith Animal Hospital with the intent to find a short haired cat, but came home with a long haired cat with 3 legs. . . . .and his fat girlfriend.Still not sure how it happened.I installed a cat door but because the 3 legged male cat had difficulty negotiating the gap between the front inner door & the security door, I went down to Bunnings and bought some wood & made him a disabled ramp to span the gap & slant down to the ground.  I also glued some carpet to the ramp to give him some "purchase" for his claws.  He loved it!The following day he presented me with half a mouse as a thank you.  It was placed lovingly on my pillow with much strutting about & meiowing & it took a good 10 minutes of fur-stroking & lavish praise for his hunting prowess before he could calm down.  I'm happy to say that nowadays he holds me in such esteem that he gives me the entire 'kill'.  That's right folks, instead of pieces of mouse, I get the whole thing. Today he presented me with his most recent 'kill' which was half a sausage scavenged from the next door neighbour's BBQ last night.  I don't know, I think his hunting skills are geting a bit rusty.The female cat has a habit of hunting stationary objects as she's a bit short-sighted & often mistakes rocks as prey.  She also has a galloping case of dandruff & looks like a giant lamington on legs.  She's completely obsessed with food, treats every meal as if it's her last & will often be found sitting next to her food bowl, looking hopeful & drooling.These 2 furry monsters are the reason I get out of bed every day.  They're always happy to see me, they're hilarious to watch & they're a great comfort, especially when things are crappy.Stitch.