Its Better After The Brink.I havent been on this website for ages. I used to be a regular, on this account and another for over 5 years. Let me tell you my past and what happened in my absence.....I lived with mentally and physically abusive parents, who saw no fault in their actions. The tension just grew and grew over 5 years, they never understood my love in art and my actions in my life, at the end they hacked my accounts, they opened my bank statements, and blamed me for things i had not done. I had a wonderful boyfriend, and a future i could only dream of. In the end my parents after one long beating told me if i didnt cough up the £100 they gave me for my birthday months before and give it to them in the morning... well you can kinda guess. Of course i did not have this money, it was long gone. I feared for my life, i set my affairs in the night and phoned my boyfriend, told him this was it, i could not continue, fully serious and calm, i saw no other way out. It was death on my own choice or death at the hands of the father. We spoke and cried for hours into the night, he finally convinced me to meet him for coffee in the morning. We were long distance, hour train journey. I agreed to see him one last time. He convinced me to go with him, told me he will look after me, keep me safe, his family was waiting for me and he would share and take me into his whole life. Somehow ladies and gentlemen and i dont know how he managed it he convinced me to go with him. I decided to live for him. When you see a 6"3 guy with a built body crying his eyes out its a sight you just cannot get your head around lol. We went to my house, grabbed everything we could carry, took a hour walk to get to the train station and left. Ladies and gentlemen that was a year ago on december. I have had my wobbles about what i did, homesickness still kicks in but i am happy. I live with my Fiancée, Been together for over 3 years now. We are not your typical young couple, no kids, no drugs and like hell do we have the time to go out drinking and partying. He took a full time job to keep us going, i work part time as a photography assistant, part time concept artist We are making a life of our own. Yes i still have my moments i believe suicide would of been easier then this paying of bills and working my ass off lol but its worth it to be held in the arms of the one who loves you, has saved you and you truely know you are his world. Those small moments make it all worth while. My message for you all. Dont give up. Because you never know what is just over that breaking point....