  reminders to myself- blue girli've been feeling better  and stronger . feeling able now to take some steps to actually get better, which i was too depressed before to do.just going to list  a few reminders to myself, according to my own needs, so when i feel i am slipping, i can read them.a) i am allowed to rest. i give myself permission to lay down, drop all anxious thoughts i can't do anything about, and visit my "happy place" for a while every day .b) if i am not feeling energetic enough to get up & do anything besides use the computer, i will lay down and rest a bit.c) i should get outside a bit each day, take at least a short  walk around  the neighborhood. enjoy the scenery, the feel of the sun.d) i have time since i am home. i should usepart  of that time to prepare healthier foods for myself and my family. we love salads, so cut up those veggies for use during the week. grill up some lean meats & chicken.e) put on some music & get some housework done, even if it's a little bit at a time. tackle the most important/most annoying areas first when my energy is higher.f) call or see 1 person outside of my household a day. i have a mom , a sister, afriend , a couple of friends here. i should contact someone outside of this house every day.g) try to remember to calm down. things are not as bad as i make them out to be. it is OK if i make mistakes. there are things i can'tcontrol , and not everything is my responsibility.i'm sure there are more, as i think of them i'll add them.  how about encouragement & staying on track?i thought of starting a thread here because i want to try to focus on the positives, want to try to give & receive encouragement without being overwhelmed by the negatives of depression.i have a self-help book, and i know this kind of thing helps me when i make myself do it, but i don't do it. if someone could encourage me along, keep me accountable, maybe ask what i've accomplished in it, that might help me. i've also started getting out there with job seeking and resumes, just joined a makeup company  (purely commission, of course), and need to actually get moving on making contacts. so if anyone is willing to help me keep on track, i'd really appreciate it.if anyone else wants encouragement or to feel more accountable on your feeling-better goals, you can post here as well. if the thread gets confusing we could split into our own threads, but for now, does anyone want to try this?  to my fellow ttlers