i really feel bad for him. he's delusional, jealous, insecure, grandiose. always thinks he's right about everything. so stuck up in his ways and so hurtful. his delusional thinking is way different than that of a SZ. I reckon our delusions are fearful and looking for approval, while he just looks to hate and bring people down through false beliefs that he convinces himself are true.he's becoming an impossible person to deal with. becomes meaner every day. do you have any encounters with clear narcissists? everyone can think about themselves, but there's a fine line between healthy egoism and narcissism I believe. your thoughts?sorry just had to vent because it's bothering me.I get 10 MG tablets of abilify every month and they tried to sell me the generic today...i went with my mom and she knows some stuff (more than me in some ways), and she said "No no we need to talk to the doctor first before we get the generic version"so the lady re-filled my prescription and we got the abilify regular and it came out to $5 instead of the generic which was $10....although usually the abilify costs $25 for 10 mg tablets...they used a coupon...which took $20 off.has anyone tried the abilify generic? My Mom said something about how the insurance will stop covering non-generic anyways in october??? but until then I need to talk to the doctor first before we switch to generic.... confusedI've been volunteering for six months at this place but recently I've called in ill the last 3 of 4 days. I've been too depressed and some days paranoid/anxious. Then I sleep 12 hours and wake up have my coffee and I feel a 5/10 in mood. But when I'm supposed to wake up my mood is 1/10. What to do. I'm doing big things in my life such as finishing my novella which I've gotten great feed back from the three ppl who've read it... I started a summer online class that's stressing me out though...but I can't drop it because its 500$. Maybe I am stressed out with everything going on though. Idk what to do.I read my novella and edited it too. it's 31k words long. it concerns mental illness, but there's a story behind it. it's a fiction novella but based on my life...there are fictitious characters but it's roughly based on me as the main character. there are a lot of themes in the story and twists. i sent it to my parents and my sister (who's an english major) and now i'm waiting for my next move but hope to get it published. i've wanted to be a writer since I was 19 (I'm 25 a week from today) but have given up many times. I couldn't even write more than a sentence for the past 6 months, but on sunday i sat down and wrote, and i wrote, and i wrote, and i wrote. until I finished writing my 31k word novella...in 4 days! one of the lines in the book is to never give up and you should never give up. i hope to continue my education and pursue even greater endeavors in the world of writing. peace 