ÊI sit here struggling!In a way I'm trying to keep my head above water. My boyfriend of ten years who also has Schizoid-Effective isn't doing well at all! He is in a serious deep, deep anxiety ridden depression. I'm doing fine mentally stable wise.ÊWe have a no contact six-month rule for him to get better, get counseling and adjust or change medications. We will then reunite in November 2015 to restart dating again.Weird to think I have to re-start dating somebody I did date for a decade!He is my soul-mate and better half (worth waiting for.)I'm struggling missing him, worried about him.I know though this is backwards but I am working on losing over one-hundred pounds and he is looking at functioning again before we get back into a relationship. Probably needed to nip that in the butt right away first.ÊI know I just need to come here and vent because of all boards you guys would understand.For the first Seven Years our relationship was smooth sailing and easy we were constantly in the 'honeymoon' phase.Then he had a major Mental Health breakdown! I think I posted before about his ROCD!Good news is he starts counseling next week and I am currently watching what I eat and working out so I can be healthier for him.Six months just seems like a long time but I know he needs this break.Having a mental illness sucks!!! As I'm sure you all know.Another vent:I realize in my heart of hearts I can't work. I can volunteer which I'm looking into doing. It's just I have all these career dreams. However any kind of stress or job makes the hallucinations worse and I then stop functioning.I am on disability and live with my parents at 32.I have hopes in the future that my boyfriend and I will be able to put our finances together from disability and get our own place! Right now it's a long ways off!I see so many of my 'normal' friends have great accomplishments in their lives, like marriage, working, other successes.ÊHere I sit at home paying rent out of my disability and I don't drive. My illness also interferes with that.I don't know why I'm posting.I guess I just need a virtual hug.Thanks,Lisa