For 6 years now, I have been suffering from people reading my mind or thought braodcasting. Its difficult when I have all kinds of thoughts and voices talking about people and especially my love ones. My voices got to a point where we can have a conversation. And litaraly they are dead people. Their not the ones where they repetively repeat the same words over and over like they used to. They actually talk back and we woould talk all day. They said that there dead and that I should hurry up and die or else I would age and stay eternity at that age. Like right now I'm 26, I would stay 26 for eternity. They would spray cologne and put food around my nose just to make me believe that their really there. And now I am starting to see them. Not shadow figures but dead people walking around and talking to me. The way they look is like a see through body, its like only schizophrenia person would be able to see them. Some time ago I saw someone holding a plate but I couldnt see the body of that person holding it or eating out of it. It was like a glimpse and then it was gone. The other time driving home with my mom, I saw a person wearing white shorts and black shirt but couldnt see the head arm or legs, in front of my house. It gets worst in my room. I see them moving around, but just couldnt see the body. Its as if theres flies in my room, but there isnt. I'm not saying my hose is hunted, because we just moved in this brand new house and it was made in 2004. I became schizophrenia at my old house which was built in the 50s. What they say is that I am possessed by an alien. Every now and then at night, I feel a jerk moving forward trying to move my body out of bed. They say it will die in my body, but when. They say its an invisible alien. And someetimes there are invisible aliens in the house to. They also talk telling me to go to an open field where theres no one there, so they can take me. The dead and the invisible aliens argue back and forward. But the thing is, I can hear the aliens clearer than the dead. Its all real to me, mainly because I smell them see them and feel them. But I'm making a decision wether to commit suicide next month or on feburary. Thanks for reading.