ÊAre doctors out to get me? To let me suffer?I can't shake the feeling or thought that doctors purposely are letting me suffer. They claim I can't take medicine for my mental problems on top of pain. I've stopped my antidepressants and I'm not taking any antipsychotics because none (literally the only one I haven't tried is the only treatment resistant one but I refuse because the side effects and weekly blood tests are too much). The only the I take is Xanax for anxiety and Valium and hydroxyzine for sleep. I have an appointment next week with my orthopedic but every doctor looks at my benzo doses and assume I'm just a drug seeker. I get 120 2mg Xanax and 60 10mg Valium a month but ever since I started seeing my pdoc 5 years ago, she's told me several times that my body seems to have a high resistant to everything. Right now, my ortho gives me somas as a muscle relaxer and it's supposed to be the strongest but it doesn't help my pain. It just puts me to sleep. I also get ultracets. They don't do anything. I read that telling a doctor that you can't take NSAIDs is the number one red flag. But I really can't. I had stomach surgery and NSAIDs can cause me to get ulcers way easier than a normal stomach. (I had the gastric sleeve. So my stomach is 25% the size of a normal sized stomach). So it pretty much puts me at narcotics, which I don't wish I could take because there's another addictive drug on top of my benzos. I can't even get a doctor to give me a MRI on my left shoulder that has been hurting for 8+ months. My doctor said it was just a sprain but when I googled it, the pain should have gone away in 3 months tops. It feels like my pain is increasing as my depression deepens. I have to sacrifice one pain for another and it's not fair. I feel like all the doctors are gathering together to do this to me on purpose. Like they're working for the people trying to kill me. Except those people are trying their hardest to get me to kill myself so they don't have to. I don't think they knew I would become aware of them apart from my hallucinations or figure out their plan. So now they're trying their hardest to make me kill myself by making doctors forbid me from being treated for everything. It makes sense but I'm so tired of crying from either my pain or dealing with hearing voices and being paranoid 24/7.ÊI can't stand living like this. My depression gets worse and worse and it's making my hallucinations worse, delusions worse, panic and panic attacks worse and now I'm not remember most of nights. I can't handle the physical pain on top of it and I feel like it's all because doctors are working against me.ÊI just want to give up at this point. I don't want to suffer anymore.Someone please just tell me what I don't want to admit. They're trying to get me to kill myself aren't they? Don't be afraid of upsetting me. You can't.