ÊParanoid delusion (episode?) mixed with bad panic attack.Last night, my boyfriend and I were walking around the corner to the store but as soon as I started walking, my paranoia started rising. After like a minute, my voices got more louder so I heard what they were saying. They kept telling me there was hidden snipers waiting for the exact moment and if they killed my boyfriend on accident, oh well. All I remember is pure panic and knowing I had to keep moving. My boyfriend kept saying lets go back but we were already in the stores parking lot and I just cried as soon as I sat down to try to calm down. Finally we went into the store and as soon as I walked back out of the store, it was like my body went into fight or flight mode. The intensity of my paranoia and everything came back. It was so hard to walk and I had to use every ounce of energy inside of me just to make it back, my chest felt like it was collapsing onto my ribs because it was getting so hard to breathe. My boyfriend would randomly stop me and try to help me calm down or collapse on the ground and cry for a second before I would get up to try to make it. I remember at one point I just wanted to scream out to just kill me already because I'm so tired of everything. I don't remember anything after I remember running into my boyfriends room. Apparently I collapsed on the floor and cried for a while until I ran to the bathroom and just dry heaved. I wonder why I woke up with my hair up weird. My boyfriend was sweet and put my hair up apparently while I was dry heaving. According to him, I came into the room and doubled dosed my meds, put something in front of the closet door after checking (which I know I do when I get paranoid and it's my way of making sure that door hasn't been opened) I smoked some weed and drank a mixed alcoholic drink before I calmed down enough to fall asleep. I remember none of that. Nothing past using all of my energy to make it back into his room.ÊHas anyone else had a bad panic attack in the middle of an episode? Would you call that an episode?