I Am Suffering ...Hi there my name is Jacen and I suffer from a disease called paranoid schizophrenia ... Back in 2007 I was diagnosed with this problem at age 18... Since then it has been an ongoing battle for my life, my schizophrenia, as I believe, came from a bad mushroom trip I had around the age of 17. Since this mushroom trip I saw stellar beings in my head from some 'metaphysical' dimension --- Everyday I wake up, light up a cigarette and see violent and bizarre pictures of demons, aliens, God and Angels, people and voices in my head from my past - It really feels like in my spiritual aspect I tapped into another dimension of hostile beings that want to hurt me very badly... I am 25 to this day and my disease is awful - I was raised in a church but I feel as though someone is using magic on me - I hallucinate all day long, seeing nukes going off in the distance, end of the world type thoughts and fear of being "Cursed" or "Murdered" --- I was wondering if there is any help for this living nightmare of hell, demons and God. Too long I've gone to bed thinking and saying to myself "OH God OH God", living in fear I won't wake up in the morning, however the voices assure me I'll wake up no matter what I see in my head - I have nightmares as well of being in hot places, bizarre things and voices, its killing me inside, I feel like I'm clinging on for dear life and I'm terrified --- Looking for some support, my life shouldn't be so hard and I feel like there's a war going on between God and Aliens and Demons -- I see messages on the tv as well, when I was a kid I remember hearing voices and seeing things in my head that were very bizarre, like symbols and pictures of pills, beings dumping things on my head - But my mind was normal most of my life until I turned 18. I always try to find things that comfort me, like memories of white christmases, deep visions of my childhood when I was happy, Always seeking a sweet memory because I'm so scared and traumatized of what I see going on ... I can't hold a job, I live in a group home for Paranoid Schizophrenics, Sometimes I fear that driving my car I might just "Black out" while driving and wreck my car, I avoid highway driving most times and have a nice little "Round Town" car --- But I'm exhausted and I can't fight for my life anymore --- Does anyone else out there have a common problem??? What should I do??? How can I call this "Schizophrenia" When I see these holy metaphysical crosses popping out of the ground, angry beings and holy objects - Like a war in another dimension that I have to "trick" my mind into believing I won't be hurt when I die .... Any suggestions how to avoid these dillusions is greatly appreciated, I'm so heartbroken :'(