Why is it that every doctor say it’s a mental problem. people are being harassed with satellites. Well if you don’t know, here are the facts – each individual brain emits a unique radio frequency. These frequencies also called signatures ( in mind reading terms ) are gathered from satellites using RF ( radio Frequency ) waves and sent back to them where they are broadcasted back to the so called secret medical professionals and psychologists labs. There are 1000s of commercial satellites orbiting around the earth. There is no proper regulation to limit what they can and what they cant do. RF waves are beamed back at the targeted individual to match a certain emotional state, thus confusing the brain neurons into feeling what the people want you to think. That is the reason there are so many reported UFO sightings and people deemed as psychosis sufferers in USA and other developed nations.. Half of them are real suffers and the other half are not. But the present system and the medical profession do not want to accept it since they fear for their profession and loss of face. So why is it not used to help the disabled ? because if the disabled experiences the reality of somebody else reading their mind, they or their relatives will end up suing the people behind it. Furthermore, every person on the living planet will blame the satellite companies for every ailment they get. Every criminal will say that the satellites made them do the crime. So in a legal stand-point, they can never publicly announce these systems. That is why you never see these inventions announced on Newspaper or TV. We can talk for ever but now we need a solution. If we are to survive in the next century, there has to be people and companies who first accept reality and start building devices such as RF jammers and other devices that cut off RF waves and other types of waves which satellites emit to capture brain waves. There will be a market for such devices since there are so many reported suffers and on the rise. These jammers should be licensed and only made so that the jamming takes place within the compound of the applicant so that neighbor’s electronics wont get affected. ( or else there will be legal issues). These jammers should have the ability to be updated ( with add-ons) to increase the frequency range blocked so that it stays ahead of the satellites improvements. It will be similar to virus and antivirus software where the criminals make the virus and the good guys make the anti-virus. It’s painful, but we have to face reality.