has anyone heard anything about this type of therapy? i asked the people at the advice centre (which is totally confidential) what i should do if i wanted to try and do something work wise, i then explained about how a man had offered me a few hours doing a bit of gardening and how i said i couldnt do it bc i didnt want to get in to trouble and lose benefits which i rely on,so he asked others at the advice centre about it as he was a bit unsure and they told me to ask my nurse for a letter stating that they think a few hours a week of therapeutic paid work would be beneficial for me, so i phoned up and i asked my p/docs secretary and she said they would discuss it before my next appointment and let me know what they think.i have a good feeling about this but i am trying to be cautious at the same time lol, it a tricky subject and i think it will take a long time before i am ready for a proper job.has anyone ever heard about any paid therapeutic work for people with metal health problems?i just realised something about the fight or flight response in schizophreniamaybe this has been said before but the best way i can describe it is....imagine you were a rabbit caught in the headlights and you have a spit second to reactbefore you are run over, you either run away or stay where you are.but what if those 2 seconds while thinking about what to do were extended into a lifetimei believe or i think i believe that we may neither be fighting nor fleeing, we are still thinking what to do in daily life situation.our body is reacting to danger but our mind is sort of in limbo thinking will i or won't i?kind of in shock about things we cannot control, my body is all tense most of the time, i try and relax but its not easy and i don't fully relax (apart from tonight first time in ages)i am hoping i am in the process of fleeing now, hoping i am getting ready to run away, away from all this crap at 100mph.like i dont feel much really, its really hard to have and maintain an erection but before that can happen you really need to have the feelings and urges that send the messages to the brain that allow that to happen,i spend a lot of time with some female friends and they know whats up and i just wish i could get those feelings back that i had when i was in school, i dont care if its painful if i had to try and hide it, just want to feel some thing,porn doesnt even work anymore, i see those things like i would look at an object but not with desire, its like i have no desires, i'm not wanting or yearning for it, like my natural ability to procreate has been blunted.