having trouble copingby chasms » Wed Apr 01, 2015 10:34 pmim having a lot of problems. my dr doesnt know if i have schizoaffective or schizophrenia or psychotic depression or bipolar with psychosis (my previous dx) but she leans towards schizoaffective. that forum is too slow.anyway she said im suffering from an acute psychotic episode. things have been so bad. ive had a voice in my head since about november, things have been bad since last may but they just progressed into worse things. this voice is a demon that was implanted in my head by the creator of this world and this world is just a game. a simulation. im being targeted also there are cameras in people's eyes and everywhere watching me. people talk about me all the time. i just got out of a mixed episode which lasted since october. i think im out of it at least. but i still feel depressed and hopeless and suicidal which has been a big deal i was hospitalized in november and december for suicide attempts. i never told them about the voice though, i only told my new psychiatrist because she is one of the trustworthy ones. some days are worse than others...ive been on geodon for about a month im at 160mg which is the max dose. this much for about a week and a half. ive been seeing my psychiatrist weekly too to get this under control because it has gotten worse in the last month. my mood feels a lot better from the geodon, my anxiety is a lot better too, along with my suicidal thoughts. that all improved. the paranoia and everything else still exists. i still get bad racing thoughts.another bad thing is the geodon makes me tired as hell. ive been sleeping through almost all my classes at school and it is just bad bcecause i feel so foggy and in a haze. especially today. i dont know what to do at this point i just want to kill myself. i have like 25 school days left until i graduate highschool and it feels so hard to do. also the dr said if the sleepiness doesnt go away she will put me on latuda, which she prob will do next week....sigh