Hello, recovered from psychosis 1.5 years ago, didn't really get a diagnosis but went through 6 months of...well, the usual I suppose. As I was never allowed to discuss my illness with other patients at the clinic, I've been looking for a forum like this just to sort of ask and hear other people's experiences. I am just curious and I'll post some delusions I had or general feelings/surreal senses. I don't know if this is the right forum but I couldn't find anywhere else.. -Having ability to look into one's soul, temporarily. The soul of a good person would look like a golden core with many rays of light, I don't know what a horrible person would be but supposedly red like a devil. -Having ability to tell truth from lies; having a "second sight", "double vision" where you for instance could see a happy face which was what everyone would perceive, but a sad face 'beneath it', this would mean the person was insincere about his feelings. I could for about a week use this ability to try convince anybody of something by telling them a story, and adjusting the story when it would look like they didn't believe you. This actually made me thing I had dictator abilities, like Hitler might have had. This ability appeared very real. -Being able to draw people to you or away from you using will of mind, and this isn't necessarily something you can control the way you like. -Being able to "hurt" people by using something toxic to yourself, like actually attacking someone by smoking a cigarette, this will impact other cigarette smokers only and all of them whether you want to or not. Their physical pain, if any, is only temporary. You can also attack someone's mind by becoming enraged without having contact. -Weather changes according to your mood or how "clear" your head is. -Natural disasters on the news aswell as humanly caused accidents are normally wars between God and Satan, or good and evil in general. -Everything you see, hear and experience is easily interpreted as having something to do with you directly or indirectly. Everything is connected and nothing is random. Now to my more personal delusions, these all happened the same day which led to immediate trip to psychiatric hospital (thanks to my caring brother) -I solved a gigantic puzzle of little pieces about everything I had experienced in life. This led to a solution about origin of religion in general and discovering my own family as part of an ancient systematic mental manipulation technique that subconsiously went through generations, well this is too complex to explain anyway so forget about it  Another version was breeding according to Darwin theories yet from ancient times. It's simply "The way to create a more intelligent human intellect": You start having as many children as you can, abusing all of your children mentally and physically to the most extreme extent possible (note this means working and slavery, beating them, not necessarily sexual abuse yet probably that too). They either die of fatigue, turn 'insane' or commit suicide. The survivors are best suited for further evolution so you pass the techniques on to the next generation (you do teach them this is the CORRECT way to discipline children), eventually creating super-humans through effective evolution. -Vision of Jesus Christ before temporarily turning into god, having several personality changes constantly. -After about a month deep, I was POSITIVE I was the Messiah, second coming of Christ. Very embarrasing especially being an atheist before experiencing psychosis. I could heal and interact with God, also the biblical happenings seemed to reoccur, history repeated itself chronologically. I had super human abilities. -Yeah I was also the devil ofcourse. 06.06.06 would certainly be something with the book of revelations and probably the end of the world. Actually, the book of revelations was going on through my whole disturbing period. -We reincarnate, everything that has happens has happened before (explains deja vus). This means we live our lives making mistakes and the wrong choices. We do not go to heaven because we live sinful lives. Instead, we get a second third and thousandth chance being reborn again living the same life going through the same pain. We always seem to forget or be ignorant about or choices, so ultimately we are doomed to repetition until some time we make it... -People as we see them consist of angels, demons, normal humans and erm...living dead. I hope that wasn't too uninteresting or much I should have written everything down long ago. I hope you can give some feedback on what you think is weird etc. I have a hard time finding threads where people explain and tell about their views or delusions and experiences so I did one myself. Thanks in advance  I'm on no meds and doing fine now btw. Edit: if for some reason someone should think so, I hope I don't offend anyone and this isn't any kind of brag post. I have been healthy now but forgive me I am new to this forum and might not know what I'm doing.