Seems to be the dominant factor in my life. Always tired. And when I fall asleep it's like I could stay that way forever. Take last night for example. I went to bed early for me. I should've woken up 8 hours later at 10:40. Woke up at 1 pm. And if I hadn't checked the time I would've kept sleeping like nothing.I was having the most engaging dream. I'm always more awake and alive in dreams than I am here, as I feel I've mentioned before. But oh man it was crazy. It was so long and complex there was no way I could remember it all but it was intense. There were battles and evil to face and people to win over, I had to use my powers and be at the top of my game.I love dreaming but I wish I wasn't so sleepy all the time you know? That's all I have to say. Today's been going pretty well, aside from my late wake up time throwing off my schedule a bit.Does anyone else on here struggle with not feeling human? That's probably one of my most constant and ongoing delusions. It's played a part in the birth of a lot of them I would think. Even as young as 5 I didn't think I was....It feels like I'm visiting here to do something. And then I'll go back to wherever I came from once my mission's done. And I've been here before, just different bodies....times....But those are all just weird feelings that have been in me forever. I don't understand them. Maybe they popped up because I never really connected with anyone around me. Or maybe it's just a product of the psychosis. Who knows. Anyways I wouldn't mind talking to someone who felt the same.And when was it?I was 3 or 4 when I had my first very strange experience that I remember. I had woken up for some reason and was in bed and couldn't fall back asleep because it was too quiet and creepy, the whole house was asleep. So I was just sitting there when all of a sudden noises started coming from my fan, even though it was off. Banging and clanging noises.I looked at it and then I heard voices coming from it. "Hey Hank, pass me the wrench" "Sure thing Bill." And more clanging. I wondered how those men fit in the fan. I figured it was broken and my mom must have called them to work on it.I started looking at the paintings on my walls and the characters in them started to move and act out their scenes. I remember watching one with Pooh and Piglet walking down a path chatting away. I was entertained and not scared at all. I wasn't old enough to realize any of it was weird.But I started getting tired again and now it was too noisy in my room to sleep with all my paintings talking and the men working on the fan. So I tried to go to my parents room but they had gated me in. The shadow cast from the light in my room formed a perfect silhouette of Abraham Lincoln's head like I'd seen on the penny.I couldn't go to my parent's room to sleep so I closed myself into my closet. The wood paneling on the door began to move as well and formed a movie of sorts, of a woman going down an elevator. I fell asleep to it and the next morning my mom found me in the closet.I don't think I brought up any of it to her because again, I didn't see it as out of the ordinary. It had been a fun experience. I hallucinated fairly regularly when I was a kid and I almost miss it, as weird as that sounds. It was never scary, just very interesting......Then the hallucinations stopped as I got older until I'd get the tactile ones....so weird.I hate living two different lives. It feels so strange and means I have to keep a lot of secrets. But at the same time it's so necessary.
Today my brother was talking about one of his friends who had anxiety issues that were so bad she had to be taken out of school. My mom's response to that was "why do you guys always make friends with those types of people."
Really mom? Really? Because maybe we have the ability to see past the illness and like the person? She says this because I have also had many friends who struggled with mental disorders. By the way she talks about people with issues like that it just makes me even more self-conscious and scared she'd find out about my diagnoses.
She made it impossible for me to get help when I was younger, would just always tell me about how I wasn't really ill, and I was a hypochondriac, or that her life was more stressful than mine so if she could handle it I should be fine. Thank god for being 18 and just being able to reach out on my own away from prying eyes.
I'm just sad. I'm picturing what would happen if somehow she found out about me. She wouldn't believe any of it. She'd probably tell the doctor or whoever was working with me that I was lying, or that I was a hypochondriac. She doesn't know anything I go through because I don't tell her because of how judgemental she is. I couldn't even share basic issues with anxiety and depression with her back then. When I was very young and would tell her about the things my psychosis made me experience and how I was always scared she would basically just tell me to get over it, it wasn't real.
I wish I had parents who I could talk to about this stuff.


