Hospitalization.. a fear-striking threat?As this is my first post, I believe it will not be often I will lurk here, but only in the curiosity and interest of possible responses, I've found this forum to seek some form of comfort. I was diagnosed with Schizophrenia in early 2013, however, it had been assumed by previous therapists in 2008 that I had Schizophrenic features. I have been hospitalized twice (in the year 2013) due to self mutilation and the intention thereof, however, in the second trip to the hospital, I had met with a mental health counselor that had wanted me to go to and be transported to a near by mental asylum. Out of fear and overwhelming anxiety, I had flee from the hospital, though not far only to obtain nicotine intake and listened as the nurses so kindly made an effort to calm me. They had allowed me to return home, however, things have gathered back down the spiral yet again. This leads me to various questions. I tend to lack in motivation. Motivation to attend school, work, and social interactions. I was once a college student with a very high GPA, only to find myself with nothing more than failing grades. I lack interest in social interactions, including the effort to make friends, to keep friends, and ultimately, find I am ruining my loved one's life with the fact that I have become so isolated, that an odd part of me has become co-dependent to my said loved one. As my loved one enjoys social gatherings, it has been incredibly difficult to even consider the possibility of leaving the home. With that, he often gets upset that we do not leave. When others come to our home, I lack interest to join in on conversations and more severely, to be around others as a whole. Here, my husband believes that I want him to be like myself - friendless. This has sparked many fights between myself and my loved one, causing destruction to be left in all places remaining. I've lacked the initiative to return to work and when asked by my loved one what is wrong, I've found my answers to be as he claims, "Pessimistic". I respond more often than not with "It doesn't matter" and believe firmly what is said no longer does anymore. My husband and I live with his mother due to my loss of motivation to even exist, for which she has made incredibly rude remarks since I've been diagnosed and seems to have started when I was diagnosed. Every time she enters the home, she has made various verbal attacks on my husband about how bad of a person I am and that she doesn't want people who are "possessed" being around (She believes I'm possessed by the devil). She has caused a large impact on our marriage for the worse and in one of her most recent remarks, due to my being diagnosed with Schizophrenia, she has told my husband that I need to be put on disability just because I lack in the interest to talk to her, let alone be around her. In that sense, she has said on multiple occasions that she believes I am stupid due to being schizophrenic. I've made an effort to contain the chaotic repression of emotions that I have, however, sometimes it escapes me anyhow. My husband lacks understanding how one moment I could talk to him as if nothing is wrong and then go silent with everything that is wrong. He believes the chaotic emotions subside or go away, however they actually do not. I just momentarily don't speak on them until it gathers to be too much. It constantly plays in my head all the things that rip me into two's. With this, my life is worsening and I've thought to take myself to the asylum as I had promised the previous mental health counselor. However, in doing so, I become overwhelmed with fear-struck anxiety as if mental asylums are a subconscious threat. This leaves my questions to be: I: Are asylums truly as bad as they are shown in medias, such as movies, tv, books, etc? II: What is life lived like inside an asylum? (Curfews, meals, etc)III: Are you forced to be around others or can you stay in your own isolated room?IV: If anyone has been hospitalized, what was the most unenjoyable thing about being there?