Can someone please help me make sense of thisby mystica » Tue Mar 03, 2015 9:37 amToday I woke up early to a beautiful day. First time in a month that I'm awake daytime. As usual these days I started researching different university programmes (I really have to, I am running out of time). I even dared to call my doctor and make an appointment. I was comparing different studies and laid down on bed and started thinking. This is how my thought process went. 'yep physics. chemistry and biology are too heavy on memory. wait physics is heavy on thinking. but thinking is logical. im good with what makes sense. am I now? yep, I used to like physics when I studied chemistry and everything else was boring. but wait if a table touches the ground, do we need to take in account every particle of the table that touches it or the whole thing? wait is physics even true?'I have some stuff glued to the ceiling and this is when the colors of it started overlapping and extending over the normally white ceiling.'What's this now. Wait what was I thinking about, oh yeah I need to choose a study. Ok so imagine studying physics. Do I really want to sit alone among 100 people on university. I'm scared of them. I want friends. Wait I do have friends. No I don't. They're not my friends. Yes they are, they just don't understand me. Or I'm different from them. Maybe I'm the same. No I'm not. Wait I'm *there* again. I don't understand anything and everything scares me'This is when I start shaking and crying really bad and moving my arms without wanting to. 'Ok so what doesn't scare me. Sitting in the corner of my room, crying, listening to music. I can't do this forever. Maybe I can pick vegetables under the sun forever? But I said I want a heavy study, so that I can occupy my mind and it doesn't go in circles. If I don't utilize my potential I will feel like I missed something and it will make me depressed. Why have I always been terrified of everything, it's been like this since ever. Others go about their lives normally and I'm just here, scared of eating, scared of making any decision, scared of people. Just being around people doesn't do, it's not enough, I need something to distract me. But when I study hard things, I get distracted also and I start thinking this way.''I need to stop thinking cause I'll never know these answers for real. But how can I study physics if nothing is certain? Wait I'm there again. How come other people know what's real anyways? Are they just lying to each other and themselves? No. Cleeaaar your mind. But I can't not think, I need to pick a study NOW TODAY!''Am I going to end up in a mental institute forever? But I'm smart, how can I be useless then, I don't have to be unemployed forever. Surely I'm good enough for something. So what should I do? I have no idea. Better post this'??????????????????????????????'What is this mess???????? Why?