ÊAdvice needed. Scared for friend's prognosis.Please help!I have been seeing the same man on and off for 10 years. I always knew there was something 'different' about him but saw his differences more as autism spectrum issues. He is wickedly smart and typically very caring. Definitely worth the eccentricities! We had now been together exclusively and steadily for 3 years.But over the last 2 years, I began to suspect something more serious was going on. He started to talk about being followed, monitored by the government, sought by religious groups...He felt sure his computer was being monitered by others and people were reading all of his texts and emails and listening in on his phone calls.ÊLSS, he got progressively worse until his family forced him to treatment. He is currently doing the first 72 hour observation. I am suspecting a diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia, or something similar.ÊHow do I help him? What is the correct response from me when he shares his experiences with me. (so far I would always respond that I believed that HE believed this was happening but that I thought it was a perception or interpretation mistake. I did not see what he saw. It seemed to upset him if he thought I thought he were lying. I did try several times to discuss the possibility of an illness causing his experiences... and he would say, YES, THOSE PEOPLE ARE CRAZY! WHY ARE THEY FOLLOWING ME?)ÊWe live in different cities 4 hours apart and only see each other every other weekend.ÊWill the hospital ever allow visitation? What are the chances he will be released after the 72 hours? Can he be forced to be committed. (obviously, he thinks he is just fine) I fear I may never see him again! He was taken in yesterday so this is all fresh on my mind so I am sorry if I am rambling.I love him and want to do what is best for him and his recovery. ANY advice will be carefully considered. (Just as a side note, his parents connect the onset of his illness with his meeting me and are NOT wanting to include me in his recovery. I am getting information from his sister.Ê) ~Thanks