I through all my medications in the trash.by Thedevilwearsasmile » Mon Feb 02, 2015 2:01 amReality is subjective, we can never know reality, only our perceptions of reality. So if I am not hearing things or seeing things, why do I need this stuff? For the past 3 months I have been having nothing but nightmares. I take 20mg of Olanzapine along with 6 other meds, I went off them for a little while and my partner noticed that I was not so stressed out and I was not sleep walking or waking up in the middle of the night to smoke a half a pack of cigarettes because I just had yet ANOTHER, nightmare. Since I ditched them, I have not had one nightmare and I have slept straight through without waking up once.A short history is at 24 I thought I was working with the FBI to assassinate a few high profile Hollywood types, I had a list and I was going to follow through with it. I still have thoughts like this but at this point in my life (30), I was not follow through on them. It was very "A Beautiful Mind".... then again at 27 I checked myself in because I couldn't control my thoughts and I was suicidal and couldn't feel any emotion AT ALL, except angry and hostile. I've never hurt anyone or been arrested. I have had many confrontations with police, though. Not in a physical way, but in an argumentative *go Eff yourself*.... swear swear swear, I was hostile and argumentative to psychiatrists and therapists, airline workers who screwed me over in the airport a half hour before my flight, costing me 300.00$, etc... But I dont just get mean or rude, I really know how to make someone cringe and cower, at the time I am doing it I have no insight whatsoever, I've even written letters apologizing for how I treated them, it was not right etc...I felt bad but not until long afterwards and after it happened. My therapist suggested anger management, but i have never hit or hurt anyone. Other than my plans to get rid of a few parasites. but lately, people are really starting to get to me. From the guy in traffic to my neighbors landlord, I always would write a letter, a very forward and indirectly threatening letter. Like "You have not done this, it has been this long, if it is not done by this date i will be doing this" (like suing them screwing them over someway financially, like not paying my rent and making them take me to court etc etc, I have not been like this in years though, other than the letter writing I have not been explosive and my temper remains kinda calm... I'm collected and I do my school work. I am becoming a Social Worker, LSCW and I am trying to iron out all these wrinkles so I can function at my tip top and have a functioning relationship with my partner.I've learned to stop and notice when something is just a though, I question it and I reason if this is a rational thought or irrational thought, if it's irrational I try not to sit and stew over it (I have OCD really bad), and the thought doesn't form into a delusion.All of my family says I am confused, that one minute I am christian, the next I am atheist, then I try Buddhism and so on and so on. However, I am not confused, in order to view reality through a certain filter you have to believe something, so, I believe this, then I stop believing it, then I believe something else and so on and so on. I am shopping for a reality, if that makes sense? There is a science behind what I am saying. Why is this one the truth and that's not true? Other than being able to touch the computer monitor in-front of me, which I can, touch, smell? Etc... isn't all of this just in everyone head? So how am I delusional if i can see everyone talking about their beliefs, and they are all in a little psychosis, sometimes there is just not point in bothering to try to convince them otherwise of anything, they just go round and round and round....Sometimes I tell them things to get them going, like that I really worship the devil and that God is really a Psychopath. They walk away shaking their heads, I like to think I put a little common sense into them, or plant the seed to a healthier point of view, but sometimes their rhetoric gets to me and I like to mess with them, is that wrong? At this point I have pretty much mastered being a really REALLY nice, kind, gentle person, I would give you the shirt off my back and I've even taken in the homeless and given my time to help the very very very bad off in society. Does that make me a good person, what it is with this other person that lives in my head and comes out on rare occasion or what i get tired and fed up and want something done? Maybe I should be a lawyer? They can sense some pretty threatening letters and get away with it! That would be fun no?I also have this thing on how I deal with stress, when and if i get paranoid or have any anxiety or stress, I HAVE to masturbate, i can't not do it or I go nutty. I have done this as long as I can remember. I was a stressed out kid as you can imagine!So, I have come up with a few diagnosis of my own and been diagnosed by different doctors. Does any of this sound familiar?SociopathNarcissistSchizoaffectiveDepression with psychotic featuresSchizophrenicI also never have an appetite and have to force feed myself. I can go days or a week without eating before i get the urge to eat or sometime remember that I should be eating something. Right now I am 140lbs and very inshape, at my worst I was 105lbs the first time I was put in the hospital.Any feedback is great!Thank You