ÊKundalini and PsychosisKundalini is a spiritual concept. It is a powerful energy that resides at the base of the tail bone, often represented by a snake twisting up the spine. In most people, this energy is dormant until something causes it to awaken. This can be induced through specific types of yoga, breathing exercises or chanting. In some cases the causes of awakening are unclear- it can be totally spontaneous. Psychedelic drugs can also cause it to erupt. When it awakens it is always violent. Gurus specifically warn against the dangers of unguided kundalini awakening, because the experience is impossibly intense and can completely shatter the psyche, inducing states of psychosis and physical problems especially back issues. With the right assistance someone experiencing a kundalini awakening can emerge into a new level of consciousness, in tune with the universe, wielding powerful psychic gifts and a heightened understanding about his or her path: it is, essentially, enlightenment.ÊThe problem is that there are few 'gurus' and fewer yogis who understand the implications of a premature kundalini awakening, and irresponsibly lead people into it without proper preparation. There are vastly more individuals experiencing serious mental health problems without spiritual guidance who I believe are in fact undergoing one of these awakenings.ÊIt wasn't until recently, looking back at my life, that I realised I had experienced a very typical initial awakening. During my teenage years I took a lot of drugs. I didn't often take psychedelics as I found them too intense, however during mushroom season one year I had a psylocybin session. All of a sudden as we were relaxing in my friend's room, everything started roaring. I couldn't hear anything, and I couldn't see anything because I became engulfed in a light so bright and intense I had to keep my eyes shut. Even shut it seemed too bright. I was pouring with sweat, and the roaring became a loud ringing noise. Unable to move, I was paralysed with energy so violent that it felt like my body was totally immobile. I don't remember how long it lasted, but I heard the ringing for a long time after. This experience is often reported during an initial kundalini awakening.ÊCommon kundalini symptoms are inner or external noises, such as roaring, ringing, voices, waterfalls. The individual may experience feelings of grandeur, believe that they are godlike, that they may have an important mission or message to relay. Back pain and burning energy shooting up the spine and exhaustion, all of which can be confused with chronic fatigue, and uncontrollable leg movements that may be misdiagnosed as restless leg syndrome. Random vocalisations such as laughter or uncontrollable singing. Euphoria, and periods of intense depression. A deep feeling of not belonging and wanting to return 'home'. Experiences of alternate realities and altered states of consciousness, an impossible feeling of connection with the world and other people.ÊMany of these overlap with psychotic symptoms. The problem with spontaneous and misguided awakenings is that they are totally misunderstood and go unrecognised, and the individual simply falls into an obsolete system that has no way of supporting those in the middle of an awakening, and they only get worse: kundalini is pure creation and life energy, and a human body and brain can only handle so much of it. And so we fall deeper into the cracks of mental illness, cracks that become voids, and we are consumed with despondancy and helplessness with nowhere to turn except medication and ignorant doctors.ÊClarity is a fleeting state of mind, but I think there's hope amongst the murk.