Voices vs Internal Dialogue?My wife who has a pretty healthy brain chemistry and no genetic predisposition for mental illness, nor any anxiety (very sociable) told me something that really has my attention lately.She had taken adderall at a high dose the night before to cram for exams. The next day, on her way to work she called me and told me that she feels fatigued and more alarmingly, she has "internal dialogue." She said it's hard to explain but she feels as though she's arguing and talking with herself in her head. This blew me away. First, adderall does cause anxiety, especially when it wears off, but I didn't know that people didn't have internal dialogue on a regular basis.I ALWAYS have had it. I talk and scream and argue with myself in my head 24/7. I talk to myself when I'm alone (or I respond out loud to my internal dialogue.)Again, what blew me away is that I didn't think what I was doing was out of the ordinary. I am predisposed to schizophrenia and I do have anxiety. But I'd like to know if the internal dialogue and hearing voices are similar?When you hear voices, can you discern if they are internal dialogue or do they sound purely external?This may sound silly but it's bugging me out. I want to note again: I have had loud obnoxious internal dialogue my entire life. But I have had anxiety my entire life as well. I can't tell if one causes the other or they're both the same illness.edit: there are 2 things that have me concerned. I've noticed more and more that I respond to the internal dialogue out loud rather than in my head, especially when I'm alone. I also noticed that I seem to sometimes hear music playing where as there shouldn't be any. It's usually very quiet and had to make out, and it sounds like music but it's actually something else in the background (the heater, fan, etc) and my brain seems to try to make sense of it as music. If that makes any sense?Also in some songs I hear my name being called by different people. wife/sister/mom/friends. I don't hear it when there are no external sounds. it's just that when I'm listening to a song and it reaches a point where the pitch matches the pitch of somebody I know, it sounds like they're calling out to me. It's a bit hard to explain and it's somewhat subtle. I just feel as though it has been getting louder over the last few weeks.