Should I bother the doctor?by Meachy » Sat Feb 14, 2015 8:21 amSo I'm new here and I have read a few posts and know that no one here can diagnose me, I'm not sure there really is anything to diagnose. But I would like to know what someone thinks. I have been diagnosed with depression but the medications haven't helped.Recently I've been hearing noises, sometimes just my name, buzzing noises, deep sounds, sometimes I have a difficult time sleeping and they've been giving me headaches, no one else hears the deep buzzing sound, I've started hearing it other places, I'm currently at my aunts and I heard it here as well. Sometimes I see things out of the corners of my eyes, nothing specifically dark shapes I look and there's nothing there.I've never had any hollucinations that I know of or anything serious that I can think of, but when I was younger one time it was storming out thunder and lightening and my dream cast told me to turn it off and unplug it, a box popped up and voiced it robotically, I used to have a game boy and the game Pokemon and I'd constantly hear the song id be checking my pockets for a game boy that I'd must have forgotten to turn off that wasn't actually with me. But nothing's happened and that was when I was around 13-15 I can't remember exactly, I'm 26 now. I don't think anyone's out to get me.I get weird de ja vu a lot, and I swear I've actually dreamed something's before they've happened. A couple years ago I almost died from encephalitis which probably doesn't matter to much of anything but I thought I'd mention it because it does have to do with the brain. On the de ja vu note not that I do a lot of drugs but whenever I smoke marijuana which isn't very often It gets way worse I feel like I've lived everything that's happening and it's really unsettling it happens every time and doesn't take much to make me "high". I have a family member who has schizophrenia which is just making me worried I think, most of the things are probably just my imagination.I'm sure theres other things I could mention but these are some of the things I could think of right now, I'm not the type of person who likes to visit doctors and what not especially if it's just in my head, I wouldn't want to start taking medication for something I don't have because I've convinced myself of something. I don't really want to talk to anyone and say "I think I'm schizophrenic" it's just a strange thing to randomly say especially since I'm not paranoid and don't hear voices. I'm not even sure what I want out of this but I would really like some response of some sort.