voices vs visionsby shadowvision » Mon Apr 27, 2015 12:02 amI want to start with the fact that I am not expecting any of you to diagnose me or give me professional advice. I'm just looking for peer opinions and experiences.Background: since March I have been seeing things that are not there. I started having nightmares. I lost appetite. I experienced distraction and cognitive issues. I was previously diagnosed with bipolar type 2 before this incidence but because there was no mood associated with my visual abnormalities it just doesn't fit anymore. I am currently getting labs done for various physical ailments and they are all turning up normal. I have yet to get an MRI but that has been scheduled. I have a brother who has schizoaffective bipolar type. They put me on an antipsychotic and after a few weeks of increasing doses I see very little. It's appearing to be psychological. My question is that I've never heard voices. I've only seen things that weren't there and I have been paranoid and have been mildly delusional. Have any of you only seen things versus hearing things? Is maybe this how it started for any of you and then progressed into hearing things as well?The things I've seen have frightened me. Some are totally random though. I've seen diagonal doors in my room. Shadow people. Blueish clear people. Flags with symbols I don't understand. Flashes of lights. I've seen tangible black blob type things hovering. Blue mist kicking up behind bicycles. My hand changed once into an old persons. Just totally bizzare and it makes me feel as if I'm seeing another world. A curse a gift I don't know. I just want to know if this has been experienced. I just feel like no one understands. I'm young 23, healthy, no history of drug abuse. I recently started smoking an ecig but really that's it. I'm just praying I'm not alone because I don't feel like anyone can relate. People with bipolar don't get it. Normal people obviously dont. My friends don't. My family is terrified.