is this schizophrenia?by shock_the_monkey » Sat May 23, 2015 12:03 ami wouldn't ordinarily post on this forum on account of the last time i did i ran into a lot of problems in relation to my views on medication. but i really feel that i need some help with an issue that has caused me much heartache.about 5 years ago i met a woman, nearly 9 years younger than myself, and we struck up something of a romantic relationship. however, she went missing and i eventually found her in a psychiatric hospital. our relationship is now completely over, however, i still feel somewhat uncertain as to what was wrong with her. i'm almost certain she had schizophrenia but i was never able to confirm this.most of the problems in our relationship stemmed from what i felt was her distrust of me and her unfounded allegations against me. one of the earliest such allegations was that i had been having people follow her. at the time nearly caused us to split up. i was deeply hurt that she could think such an awful thing of me. i told her so but she never apologised. according to her she was entitled to her opinion, no matter how much it offended me.the issue that finally ended our relationship, though by then it was really nothing more than a friendship and really only on my behalf because i felt that i needed to help her if i could, was her allegation that i was possessing her body and making her do things that she didn't want to. she seemed to me to reserve such allegations for people that she really hated, as i'd heard them before in relation to hospital staff that she claimed had abused her during her various stays in hospital on sections. i realised then that the situation had really become utterly hopeless.i got the impression that during such possessions she would destroy her personal belongings and blame it on the person that she claimed was possessing her. she claimed i had made her break glasses, bleach clothes and even, if i recall correctly, stab herself in the leg with a knife.in addition, she claimed to be psychic. she had visions of people. she heard voices, claiming that she was guided by various archangels and was being protected by her deceased father.she seemed to believe that there was some sort of conspiracy against her and that the medical profession and even certain celebrity figures were involved. in fact, it was difficult to tell which parts of her life were actually real, though i tended to believe whatever she said unless it sounded really to bizarre to be true. she also had no trust in me, or anyone else. she thought i was hacking her e-mail. she thought people were bugging her phone, and these were often so called friends.to me, this all points to psychosis. in particular, delusions, hallucinations and paranoia. hence my conclusion that she was schizophrenic. but i'd really like to know what other people think?