ÊI don't know what to doI'm a 25 year old male and I started hallucinating about 7 months ago. It started out as just seeing random smiley faces on my iphone. But it progressively got much worse and a few weeks ago I had moments when I did not realize reality from my hallucinations it was much worse when I was binge drinking. I now am better than I was two weeks ago but I am still hallucinating and overanalyzing everything and I am constantly worrying that I have Schizophrenia. Some days I spend hours on my phone just googling what disease I may have related to psychosis maybe multiple sclorosis, syphilis or a rare form of herpes. I see images of a mouth everyday or an animal face and sometimes I will see eyes on the back of someones head. My visual hallucinations occur all the time and only last for a split second and then they go away. Although the day after that with my psych I had no hallucinations for 12 hours or so. And my memory just keeps getting worse I have to really think hard to remember and sometimes I get things mixed up and say something in my head and then I write something else down on paper. So all the time and I will think of something something else even though I don't mean to write it down. I have a hard time reading as most of the time the words change for a second and then I have to reread them. I started smoking cannabis five years ago in the summer of 2010 when I was going into my junior year of college. I have also been taking zoloft for around ten years I mostly took 200mg of Zoloft but I weened myself off of it and stopped taking it around 2 years ago then went back on it and then weened myself off of it again down to 25mg about a year ago. I feel like my cognitive abilities are going downhill very fast. I drank a lot this past two months and smoked cannabis the last time at the end of January. I was a huge pothead over the past five years. I went to the cannabis cup last year and I went to Colorado twice including the cannabis cup. I have been taking ginko biloba, ginseng, fish oil, and a one a day mulitvitamin and cranberry pills and zoloft until my psych told me during an initial consultation to stop taking the fish oil because she said it can cause psychosis and to stop the zoloft and the other multi vitamins as well. The zoloft caused mania for me and I got addicted to sex and marijuana and spending a lot of money. So I've been off the Zoloft two weeks and been off of ginkgo ginseng and the one a day. I am still taking the fish oil because I think it could help me. I spent 25,000 just in the past year in a half on drugs and food and vacations. Also I sometimes think my boss is talking about me at work for a few seconds and then I shrug it off. I always try to hear everything at the office and And when someone talks I try and listen to see if they are talking about me. Sometimes I think someone is calling my name when no one is and sometimes When im driving i think I hear my navigation system talking even when it is off. I have been alcohol free for about 3 weeks. Also sometimes I think that the floor is uneven even when it is even and and I listen to music sometimes I noticed the music I didn't notice before and I over analyze the background noise in the song and think I'm hearing a voice. Sometimes I think i hear someone talking when its just the wind or a squeaky desk. I also have a negative thoughts all the time. Sometimes I think of cutting my wrists but I quickly shrug it off. Also sometimes I'll see the shadow or person or object that's not there and then they quickly go away when I look again. I am going to do weekly cbt for psychosis if I have it and my ocd and anxiety and I also talk to a life coach once a day and meet weekly with her. I really just want my hallucinations to stop and my cognitive abilities to come back. I haven't been sleeping much lately and have only been getting 4-6 hours a sleep for the past month. I am also stressed with my family since my parents are splitting and I have a massive amount of debt and I overwhelm myself with things to do everyday and most days I don't accomplish everything I need to do and it really bothers me and I prioritize horribly. I just had a ct scan and a conplete blood panel and other tests done and I'm waiting on the results before I meet with a psychiatrist again. I really just want to deal with it if it is psychosis and I will get cbd oil from california because anti psych meds will cause me to gain weight and I am already almost 300 pounds and get diabetes and damage my brain and other problems and mess with my social life and my cognitive abilities that are already declining . I am very social now and I love hanging out with friends going to museums and fancy hotels and restaurants and such. I have a great job right now and I love it. My question to you guys is what you think I should do?