Êfirst time psychosis=schizophrenia?hey guys, I'm new to these forums and just wanted your take on what im going through right now. So in the last 2 months ive had a decline in my cognitive abilities, im always disorganized in my head and in my behavior, causing a lot of anxiety. I cant seem to hold a regular conversation and have trouble dealing with life in general because of the social anxiety. My sleeping paterns have changed, i cant get deep sleep anymore so i stay in bed till late afternoon on some days, not wanting to deal with life. Now, i know that this constant brain fog is because of my drug use in the past months, but i still feel like i display early signs of schizophrenia. My doctor said it was impossible to tell from a small sample (past two months), in which i also took drugs (marijuana, mdma, cocaine, shrooms, alcool) but I wanted people who have dealth with it themselves to give me their thoughts. Now, this saturday i took about 1 gram of mushrooms, and my trip went alright till i went to bed. I had insane scary psychosis, i couldnt escape from the images in my head, it was a continual flow of images from hell, mountains of eyes, demons, etc. They would not subside, there was no escape. When i opened my eyes, it was no better, everything was menacing and wanted to get me, spikes and fangs, etc etc. I could stare away but the images would reform in different patterns. Combined with the voices, but mainly a powerful, autoritive voice which sensed my terror and wanted to take control of my mind. The entity that i attribute to this voice was exploring my very soul, building me up in its image, taking control. It gave me power, but only if i gave it my soul. Since i am sane, i know that all this wasnt truly happening, but the entity made me deconstruct the walls in my house with the power of my mind, which was a vivid as hell hallucination. As i did this, it laughed, because it showed me its power to make me lose my sanity. Then came the huge, dominant sounds, like some futuristic weapon being charged up, but it was just this entity, tuning my brain to its liking, taking control, transforming me from this weak, pathetic individual to its powerful warrior. As it did this, i saw myself in my minds eye being encapsulated in its huge, metal armor. It also messed with my face, forcing it to be even less expressive than it already is. Anyways, all this was terrifying and i begged to be released, just to go to sleep. This is all very insidious since this entity said it would return to get me in time. Even if a through this psychosis i was aware it was all fake, the hallucinations were more powerful than reality and there was truely no escape till exaustion took over and my body just shut down. I am laying off all the drugs, since i am sane sober but actually feel more and more unstable every come down or hangover. I still have all my mind in normal situations, even if i am a mess with my social anxiety and all. Everyone who has not done drugs tells me that is the problem, even the doc, they do not understand this is not normal reaction to a drug of anykind. With your experience with schizophrenia, i just wanted your guys opinion on this psychosis. Shouldi read in to it that its an earlyschizopreniac episode? Because i really feel that it was a schizophreniac type illusion, with the eyes and the goldlike voices and all. I dont usually feel schizophreniac, except in my last drug experiences or drinking too much, in which i very much felt this way. Sorry for the long read and no paragraphs, on my phone. Peace