Hello all. I have schizo affective disorder. which i guess means i have delusions as well as some form of bipolar. -with mostly deep depressions although i have experienced manic highs from time to time.I feel dead inside. I feel soulless. like there is just something wrong within me. and it isn't necessarily my actions that i worry about. I mean, i drink a lot, smoke cigs, and can be pretty irresponsible but it isn't the actions or even my thoughts that truly bother me. it is the way i feel deep down inside. like an endlessly bad person and i feel like no matter what i might do to try to prevent myself from being this way, that my soul will/can never change. i feel like i am a "bad seed" so to speak and that no amount of change or healing will solve who i really am inside.anyone else ever feel this way? and do people like me still go to heaven when they die?my brother J, (the first one that told about the molestation i went through)he changed over the years. when i was in 2nd grade he was a teenager. he used to be so funny and sweet to friends of mine and me when friend came over after school. he would hide his face behind his two hands and jokingly say "now you can't see me" we loved him ..but a year or two later, after telling mom what happened and then saying to her "maybe i hallucinated it" when no one believed him, he went craZY. started yelling to no one on the street became bitter... angryfor years when i was young after his episodes started, i thought he was a mean guy. i thought he yelled because he didn't care about us.(molester brother told me he always hated J, and that J always hated him.. that he is mean now because of his new friends, and that J never saw anything happen and was just making up the the part about seeing us do stuff together, cause of his hate because he hated "Molester")anyway yesterday my spiritual light went completely out. two times. i yelled at nobody outside (no one there, at least that's what other's would think) i yelled at my mom too twice at the top of my lungs. called her a beotch..shortly after that, J came over, he saw that i was very distraught ... and angry and bitter.and i told him i am angry cause the tv was talking about me. (thse are the same kinds of things he goes through) I never saw him look so sweet. innocent just like when i was a kid in 2nd grade. his true self just came right out in front of me. because he finally knew, deep down that someone else understood.last night i smoked Pot again.it is really bad for me. i was in a pretty optimistic mood before i relapsed. but as soon as i did i started feeling like my body was being taken over by some alien force. and that the whole world/god has a deep seeded grudge against me because of something i did in my past that i couldn't remember. that was when i started tripping about all the things i do wrong (this is how i usually trip when i smoke)Things i do wrong: Smoke cigarettes, Drink, Smoke weed, irresponsible.But i could not stop smoking cigs, and i could not do anything but sit there and trip over and over. At some point i started feeling like there is no God, and i have no soul. I started to feel like i was dying, i could not breath. and i didn't feel like my soul would survive either. that after i die that will be it. which isn't that bad i guess but dying is painful, and i felt like everyone who reads my mind including my mom wanted me to die. so i started yelling for help, but mom didn't know what to do or say.I also felt like i had nothing to live for anyway. I am mentally ill, irresponsible, and the only men i know are voices in my head (who were also there btw encouraging me, and saying they love me, but who wants to be crazy and only have voices in their head who love them?)Can't smoke pot if you are me with my type of mental illnessI am "crunk" right now. and i notice i have the fewest symptoms when i am on anything that rids me of anxiety.so my question? are we Sz? Or just having OCD thoughts that have gotten so out of hand that some of our minds begin to actually hear and see things that are not there because of obsessive thoughts about things such as religion, the government, paranoia, and about how others see us.. etc??????? i have been reading lately that all mental illness may really be a form of PTSD what do you think?Hello i just wanted to introduce myself. I'm Wanda, and i have been having thought broadcasting since i was 15 and i still believe that even you, those that are reading my post can also read my mind, if i think about you i will feel discomfort because just having a thought about someone will bring their mind into my mind's direct proximity. and it is terrifying because many of my thoughts are not "pure" and even when they are, i have extreme social anxiety about it. so tell me please, Can you read my mind? i mean supposedly it is against society's rules to talk about that fact that every living human has telepathic abilities (at least that is what i was told recently by someone) but i think it is ridiculous, because what about those with social anxiety and intrusive thoughts or paranoia? i think it would just be so much more healthy to get these type things out in the open so we can talk about it face to face, and be sure what is happening to us. What do you think?