Tactile Hallucinationsby commedia » Thu Aug 30, 2012 8:27 pmWhat are your experiences with Tactile hallucinations? Do yours tie in with any auditory or visual or is it it's own seperate entity/thing almost? How often do yours occur?Mine have become what I experience most often, lately. Especially while laying in bed. At first something had licked my ear. Then I'd feel hand grabbing hold of my arm or waist. Sometimes it will be like fingers gliding across my skin from about mid-thigh upward then stopping when I move. Lastnight was by far the worst/most complex it had ever been. There were multiple hands (not just one or two) in a way caressing me. They were touching my sides, back, and waist as a lover would. A few times it wrapped it's arms around my wasit and kind of rested a few moments then got a little frisky again. It made me uncomfortable while the hands were moving. The arms resting around my waist wasn't too bad, though. But the hands feeling my sides and back were horrible.Being touched like that isn't something I like. Especially from something that can't be seen. Sometimes a shifting of weight (like something crawling around) can be felt but nothing touches me. When they touch me there is no weight shifting. It's as if it's coming out of the mattress or thin air. IT also isn't like the other things I experience. What is seen are pale (albino-like) or shadow/dark creatures doing backbends crawling around, sometimes following me around. Named the biggest albino-like one Tot. He's actually not all that bad though his appearance is somewhat unnerving. He (it, not sure) just follows me around. Keeps a distance of about 6-7ft usually. Quiet. Just watching and following. It's almost comforting. Which is an odd thign to say.. but oh well. And sounds are laughing, knocking, whispers, and mumbles. Have only heard a few things that were clear."I see you. I see you sleeping. I see you!" "That's more like it." and my name on a few occasions. So the hands seem to be their own thing.. Sometimes the visuals are connected with voices or sounds. But feelings don't seem to be in my case.just curious what it's like for others.