ÊI think I'm having delusions . . .I think delusions plays a big part in my life . .Ever since I was a kid, I knew something is different from me compare to other people like I'm not normal compare to others (See that, now that is one fucking delusion! but really, I felt something is different to me compare to other people. Like something is wrong to me.)I was a spoiled kid, never really went outside that much since now I'm 22 years of age. I grew up with my grandmother who spoiled me much lol. I live like a prince, never really knew the real meaning of the "world". My parents left me since at the age of 6 to my grandmother, who I know as a mother.As I live as a prince, I didnt really know how to work by my self including now. Of course, living as a prince means you get served you dont do the work. Even with my studies, I did have trouble because I didnt know how to work on my own like I'm so 90% dependable on other people. As a result of that, my movement in life is slow. I haven't graduate yet at age of 22 in college(Which is in my country, 21 years of age is a graduating age already).Now I just give information on my background history so you guys would have an idea what my problem is. Now lets return on the main topic, that I'm having delusions.My delusions (I think which may lead into delusions of granduer):I have superhuman strength - Ever since I was a kid, something really pulls me on combat sports which is till now, I'm taking on martial arts and lifting heavy weights. One day, I felt so strong like I felt I'm the hulk. So what happened, I also felt I can lift the piano so I tried it. When I tried it, I was surprise I was able to lift it like it was a lightweight! I'm so amaze when that happened. I only weigh 112 lbs, but I'm strong since I do martial arts and trained often to the gym some of you may not believe this because you cant see me first of all its easy to say I'm making things up. I even wanted to try lifting a car just to test it but I think these are just mere delusions I wont get injured because of my delusions.I have superhuman speed - One day too, I felt my legs wanna run non stop as hell! So I tried it. Went outside and do a warm up first before running fast as I can. So when I sprint fastest as I can, I was also surprise I was that fast like I felt like I can run like a cheetah. So when I start to think maybe I'm a gifted runner too, something went kinda wrong with my legs dunno if its delusion or not. My legs start to felt very stressful. It felt like , I'm doing leg workouts exercises even though I'm doing nothing. I start feeling the pain like never before(For those who workout on gyms, you know how your body felt after working out. Of course you will feel pain for muscle development.) like leg muscles working out by itself even though I'm doing nothing. I also notice that my kicks improving very well since I started to think I have superhuman feet. So after that, I went into a foot massage and I FELT SO RELIEVE TO THE MASSAGE. I ask the massager why my feet feels like that he says my feet is full of stress. I was also wondering maybe my mind plays a high role about this issue.I'm a very very talented guy - I'm a 3D artists. I'm a character designer for video games, movies stuffs. Here's the link to my portfolio -ÊCharliez 3D Designs - GalleryThe problem is, I think I'm some sort of a genius that I think its going too far unrealistic which may leads to delusions.I'm going to be famous one day - It is also one of my dream to be famous. I think one day, I'm going to make a 3D movie that would get famous therefore I would get famed one day.I must say fictional stuffs like anime kinda ruined my mind since I was a child. To be honest, Dragon Ball Z and Final Fantasy was an inspiration for me to take on combat sports . . but I guess it went that far to the point I view myself as a super saiyan or Sephiroth(Final Fantasy VII character) LMAO XD.I really need serious help because I dont want to get my life ruined or having a serious injury due to my delusions. I really need treatment I hope you guys dont laugh at me because only children with the age of 7 would believe in fairies . . .