I don't know what to do.by GypsySoul » Thu Apr 23, 2015 6:17 pmWhen I was 16, I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder. I am now 24 and since my initial diagnosis of Bipolar Disorder, I have also been diagnosed with Clinical Depression. My mother is also Bipolar and Depressed and my father was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and Paranoid Schizophrenia before committing suicide when I was 4. In the last year, I have been developing some symptoms that I feel are similar to schizophrenia. Along with my up and down moods, I have experienced auditory, visual, and tactile hallucinations. Sometimes (a lot, recently), I feel bugs crawling on me. I always hear a little girl screaming in the distance and multiple people talking at the same time, but I can't understand what they're saying. My visual hallucinations don't really bother me, because it's just different streaks of colors and stars/sparkles (I don't know how to explain it), but they do become distracting, especially since some of them last for an hour at a time. I haven't really discussed my hallucinations with anyone except my boyfriend and mother, and even then, I haven't told them too much because I don't want them to think I'm crazy. But I feel crazy. I often break down and cry from constantly thinking something is wrong with me and that I'm not normal. Recently, I've started to get really paranoid. I'm still able to take a step back or go "outside of myself" to see that the paranoia I'm experiencing isn't really rational and isn't because of a "real" reason, yet I feel it so intensely all of the time now. I'm afraid to answer my door if someone knocks on it, I've stopped showering as often and stay in the shower for less time than I used to because I'm afraid someone is going to come through the door and attack me while I'm in my most vulnerable state. I can feel myself "shutting down" and losing interest in everything. I started college a little over 6 months ago and my grades and interest in school are both been steadily declining. I have attempted suicide and was hospitalized about 4 months ago for it. I feel like I'm losing touch with reality and with myself. It's hard for me to "love" and feel any closeness to anyone anymore, including my son (which I hate saying). Sometimes I catch myself just staring while someone is talking to me and realize that I have no idea what they've been saying to me the entire time. My speech slurs a lot now for no apparent reason. I can't control my thoughts and have lost my ability to concentrate on something for too long because I start having these weird thoughts or hallucinations or feelings of paranoia. Something always gets in the way of me fully comprehending what's going on around me.I feel like I'm losing my ability to relate or even care about people and their feelings. I'm trying so hard to remain sane and in tact. I'm trying so hard to keep motivation to do ANYTHING, but I feel like I'm fighting an up hill battle. I'm afraid to tell a psychiatrist because I don't want to lose my son or be put in a mental hospital or be put on different medications.I stopped taking Abilify and citalopram recently because it was turning me into an empty person and making me feel like a meth addict with all the shaking and pacing I was doing.How can I tell all of this to a psychiatrist without sounding crazy or weird?Is there anything specific I should ask for?Is there anything that I should bring up? How do I fully prepare for an appointment?Does anyone have any idea what's wrong with me?