 Hallucination or Spiritual Event? Delusions or Reality?Hi, i've been diagnosed with schizophrenia now for almost 4 years now, i am told i have 'memory delusions, hypervigilance, paranoia and ADHD' and that my illness was drug induced but here is what happened shortly before i was admitted into hospital wherein i spent 9 weeks:(To avoid being banned i will not post the names of the drugs i was on at the time before i went into hospital they were illicit but not hallucinogenics) I'm new and not too sure on the rules sorry.So anyway, after 5 days alone, taking, with no sleep i went out back for a cigarette and sat at my door, looked at the sky and asked were 9 or 10 specific relatives watching over me.. nothing happened, i then went to bed and slept from about 6am to 1am the next night, woke up and went out the back for another smoke, and (thinking back, i dont know why but) i stood in the middle of the garden and looked up at the sky when after 2 or 3 seconds the sky lit up from left to right with shooting stars, i was in awe and just went back into the house and sat for a while. My close friend said meteor shower but in both my peripherals i could see them, my mother said it was a dream, which im positive it wasnt and my CPN/Keyworker says it was a hallucination, i like to believe it was a response. maybe brought on by the subtance? because days after i was so ill and deluded people were after me i admitted myself into hospital Thats the main event i would like views on but when i voluntarily went to hospital some very strange things happenedThe first night i lay on the hospital bed i felt/heard this ringing in my ears and i was paralyzed, fearing i was dying i had to shake my head to make it stopI asked my father to buy me a new sim card for my phone where i opened it to find the digits included were '999579991' (which at the time was freaky because i was obsessed with the illuminati) 999=police, 5+7+1=13 and had the names "Adam" and "Kayleigh" with numbers were saved to the sim card, keep in mind this was a sealed sim card? to make matters worse i called the service provider to find out the card was not registered to that company(i destroyed the sim card soon after)Out in the courtyard kicking a ball around i would have random flashes of jesus on the cross as i was about to kick the ball, aiming at a target it would hit exactly where i plannedreinforcing my thoughts of connection to the illuminati i remembered stealing my mothers debit card years ago and having it sucked up after 3 failed attempts at her pin code. when 3 or 4 days later she had told me she just got off the phone with her bank and they told her her card was stolen because it was used in cash machines ranging from the north to the south of england (i live in northern ireland by the way) when in actual fact it was kept in my own local bank machine?Anyway my delusions went far deeper as my time in the hospital went on but i dont want to post them due to paranoiaBut thanks for taking the time to read anyway and any input on what you think would be much appreciated :)