Diet and Schizophreniaby randomschiz » Mon Sep 22, 2014 6:28 amSo, after the past years I have recollected a tendency while eating food. I used to eat a lot of junk food at one point. This contains complex preservatives.Now, the theory is there are hundreds of billions of neurons in the brain. When a food is inserted into the stomach. A complex breaks down the food and is used as sugars, carbohydrates, proteins, fats, vitamins and minerals.There large interactions are subtle when eating "non-psycho-active foods", yet they can still form a large effect overtime.I found out that for sensitive schizophrenics, and I would put most schizophrenics under this category, when consuming a food, there is a pronounced psycho-active effect. For example eating cereal or yogurt can lead to emotionality and the tryptophan can convert to serotonin and alter the experience of the psychosis. Not saying that having tryphtophan is positive or negative in the situation its much more complex than that because of the added vitamins in the cereal and the vast number of alkaloids contained in milk including growth hormones, choline and all sorts of proteins. So I tested out a diet. On top of my Geodon and Valium I have a specific diet since the ending of 2013 which was later modified for supersenstivity in 2014. My doctor talked about foods with certain neuroinflammatory inhibitors and certain antioxidants. And I also researched neuroscience. With a blend of two formats of trial and error. The first format is to add on a food and calculate the increase or decrease of schizophrenia within a spectrum of usual foods, while the second format is to slowly remove certain foods to see if there is a certain increase or decrease of auditory symptoms.Now my schizophrenia is mostly serotonergic, it is astral, and has a hold of my pieces of my abdula amblagada since the voices are only activated under fear or negativity as well as stress. When I am busy and happy I have no voices. It is also gabanergic or the opposite of gabanergic, glutamatergic because when I get off the Valium dose of 5mg per 7 hours I start to get an increase of voices. Geodon has a low dopaminergic binding so my schizophrenia does not stem largely from the usual sentient-virus like voices that are repetitive and mindless. The basic theory is this: if you are going to intake random things that contain alkaloids and keep on intaking random things including preservatives, cb1 agonists, dopamine agonists, and so on this will build up in your neuromorphology and more voices will be activated. That is how the majority of people eat they just pick out whatever they feel like at the moment, not contemplating the consequences, and go on with their day. But for a schizophrenic, at least some schizophrenics that is not possible. There is an increase of voices from many foods.Now the first thing I did was think of everything that is usual that people get from the grocery store, then i used my mental faculty and my resources to form 2 lists. The first list that I made was supposed to be a list that had possible "pro-healing effects" for schizophrenia, while the second list was a list that was supposed to be "at least going in the right direction and having no increase of schizophrenic symptoms for anytime that the item is consumed". Since an item can have an compounding effect, or it can have a temporary neurological flow effect when it is consumed. So to cut to the chase from these two lists of items at the grocery store: I settled on aregularized diet that had a decrease in my schizophrenic symptoms, that i can consume at any time, and that provides all the vitamins and minerals that i need to function. Since I am supersensitive to all foods or supplements and anything I eat effects my schizophrenia. Every note has to count for me or the cycle would break. This is what I eat everyday for the past 6 or so months. I have noticed that with the geodon, valium and restricted diet my voices have gotten much less aggressive, I only have about 2-5 voices a day, and overall I feel more calm, less paranoid and delusional. I only get delusional the last two hours of the day before I go to sleep and the geodon is wearing off from the night before. I also take vitamin C and alpha-lipoic acid every night. The 4 items that I found for me are that I usually eat, but I also sometimes eat from the extended lists I built up once in a while for extra nutrients and boosts. Sandwich with vegetable and fruit: potato or bleached white bread, oven roasted turkey, rotisserie chicken, mozzarella cheese, tomato, spinach. With pomegranate Juice to drink, sliced carrots, red seedless grapes, strawberries and crushed pinapple on the side. This is what is mostly eat.Pasta: Regular wheat pasta mezze penne with triple cheese pasta sauce.Sausage Pizza since the ingredients, bread, tomato, cheese and only a few meat are always included in sausage pizza. Cheerios: basic enriched oat cereal with milk at night with my geodon.This has kept me steady, happy, enough energy, and calm since I started taking them.What I sometimes get which are ingredients derived from the previous lists that I compiled is Subway: italian bread, oven roasted chicken, provolone cheese, lettuce, spinach, tomato, green peppers, olives, onions, sweet onion sauce. So here are the lists starting with Safe Foods and Good for Schizophrenia, and Possible Pro-healing Effect foods. I would stay on the Safe foods while dabbling with prohealing foods since they are both effective at least from my brain's perspective. You have to figure out what is effective for you cautiously. Now where I got my regularized diet is foods that I was comfortable with and are contained within both lists...It includes Meats, Vegetables, Fruits and Spices that might be appropriate: