 Am I prone to psychosis?I'm just curious after reading this thread, if I might be prone to psychosis later in my life. I have NEVER heard voices, and I have NEVER seen anything "out of the ordinary" (even though I've always wanted to see a ghost!)But ever since I was a little girl (6 years old, as far back as I can remember), I have always experienced moments when I'll be alone but I won't feel alone. It wasn't all the time, but when it did happen, the feeling was so overwhelming that I would look around the room wide-eyed and then run out as fast as I could, usually into my mom or dad's arms.This feeling would happen especially at night - and I went through a phase where I couldn't even sleep alone, so I would sleep in my sister's bedroom with her. My mom tells me that when I was an infant/baby, if they left me alone in a room in the dark, I would scream until one of them came and brought me into their bed.Even when I was around 12 years old, if I was the last one to turn off the lights, I would run up the stairs and feel like a ghost might "get" me. My sister has had actual experiences such as hearing things in that house, but I never did - but the fact that she did, didn't help my paranoia much!My mom and sister were very into psychics, paranormal, mystical experiences, ghosts, good witches, tarot cards, séances, and everything like that. My mom claimed to have family members such as her cousin, that were psychic. We would always watch movies about those subjects, and me and my sister would play around with ouiji boards and buy spellbooks, etc. I've always been very interested in the theory of the afterlife and ghosts. So I can't tell if this is just because I was brought up in such a household, or if I'm actually "feeling" something.But after reading other people's experiences on this thread, I'm starting to worry if those paranoid feelings I had were actually a precursor to psychosis later in life.I do have an anxiety disorder (panic attacks), but other than that, I haven't experienced much of anything. Except one time at night I was laying in bed and "felt" someone in the room with me so just for kicks I said "Is anyone there?" and the motion sensor light from outside my window immediately turned on and flooded my room in a dim light...which was pretty awesome actually. It was like 1 AM so nothing should have triggered that light.Am I prone to psychosis?