Should I see a psychologist or am I just normal?by Nornalhorst » Mon Apr 06, 2015 10:14 amMaybe I'm just being OCD or something but I can't seem to shake the feeling that something is wrong with me. I don't think I have schizophrenia but I notice I have many of the symptoms.Like in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ve3R7zkAcYkExcept for the hallucinations/delusions, though I am curious why they list being clumsy/movement disorders as schizophrenic? I mean I'm super clumsy naturally, and find myself often pacing around or fidgeting all the time but this is normal for alot of people.So I was wondering if I should see a psychologist or am I just over reacting and really just totally normal.To start with I'm a male college student and senior ready to graduate.My freshman year I felt more normal in college, I had friends hung out with people and more sociable. But it was pretty rough I ended up getting terrible grades, for some reason I just couldn't understand the material (Computer Science and Engineering) which really bummed me down because I would devote so much time studying but nothing would come out of it and when my parents found out they threatened to withdraw all support and kick me out if I get any more bad grades. This really made my year super stressful but I managed to pull through eventually and had to retake some classes. I remember many nights where the stress to perform had me crying and praying to God to help me.Fortunately later it felt like God answered my prayers. It was so wierd I went from failing to being an A student suddenly everything felt clear as if my brain was on overdrive as my memory improved and mental processing seemed faster and sharper. Even more odd, I actually started spending less time studying and had remarkable improvement. It was like I took that pill from the movie Limitless even my parents were amazed. Unfortunately at the same time I notice I also have some symptoms of schizophrenia. But I don't have hallucinations and don't feel delusional. I am a bit paranoid at times but honestly I'm just being careful so its nothing unusual. The only hallucinations I've ever had were when I'm really tired I may actually hear voices speaking an example being I remember not getting much sleep and going to lecture and while I'm sitting I'm almost ready to doze off when suddenly I hear a loud voice call out to me saying, "You better wake the ###$ up!" that definitely did the trick lol. Once I tried to stay up for 24 hours and ended up having some sort of vison. I also often sometimes feel the "presence" of someone nearby but when I look I see nothing, or seeing things at the corner of my eye that aren't real. But this is normal, nothing strange and out of the ordinary for most people.The symptoms I have experienced however are thought blocking. I occasionally randomly forget what I'm talking about mid-sentence which leads to awkward silence and I'm trying to remember the thought but its lost in the void somewhere. This is the most troubling issue I've had.I've also experienced a word salad a couple of times both times I never knew I was speaking gibberish until someone pointed it out to me and I still don't remember. I find that I'm always bothered by my own thoughts they don't shut up, which is good, showing I'm alive and gives me a vivid imagination, but bad because I feel like I can't ever find peace. I even spend hours each day wasting time just talking to myself (in my head of course not out loud).All day everyday from the time I wake up to the time I go to bed my mind is always racing, thousands of ideas and thoughts just blasting away full speed ahead like a self sustaining explosion. Some ideas are helpful, some not, some are worrisome keeping me in a constant state of worry, some thoughts are just disturbing. Its just bothersome I can't control it, makes me feel like I'm going insane. Now its not like I'm hearing actual voices or anything just wild random often distracting thoughts.This also even effects my speech at times as my mind may rush forward so fast my mouth can't seem to catch up and I begin to stumble or in one embarrassing case I spoke pure gibberish to a group of people.In addition I've experienced some strange negative symptoms as well. Mainly lately I just don't feel like taking care of my own hygiene so I have to consciously remind myself to do so. I don't really feel like talking to people or hanging out with my friends anymore. And I'm just not all that emotional but I'm not depressed feeling just feeling nothing. Like I'm not really here so I have to snap myself back to reality every once in awhile since my mind spends most of its time drifting away.Also to help with me seeming unemotional I try to inject a bit of emotion into my dialogue with others so they won't think I'm depressed.Sorry for block of text but just had to talk to somebody about this. I can't talk to my parents as they are too quick to point and say I'm losing my mind.