I'm going to try to explain all of this as quick as possible. I'm fairly young, and when I was younger I would suffer night terrors often. Then as I got older, probably around 13, I started getting sleep paralysis very commonly, and now it's to the point I'm not scared of it anymore. About a year or two ago I started getting really scared to go to sleep. I would hear voices in my head and I would see things in my mind as I was laying down and I would feel like there was something laying next to me. It's ruined my sleep and the only time it doesn't happen to me is if there is someone sleeping with me or if it's early in the night. I have a huge superstition over 3:00 in the morning. If it hits 2 AM and I'm still awake, I WILL NOT even try to sleep until it's at least 4:30. Recently my sleeping has gotten much weirder. I've woken up seeing spiders in my bed, a girl in my room, a cat on my bed, dogs next to me, or I'll wake up doing weird things. But within the past few months it's taken on a weird turn, where I'll wake up looking for something. The first time I was looking for a key, and I got up and walked into the kitchen, and was searching the house for this key. I told my stepmom that I just couldn'tfind it, and when she asked me what I couldn't find, I realized I had no idea what I was doing. I did it again not too long ago, and I got angry at my dad because I couldn't find the people I was looking for. There have been a few times that I've woken up to see string strewn about my bed or over my television and I have to wait for it to disappear. Oftentimes I'll wake up seeing things and run into my dad's room, and when I wake him up and tell him what I saw, I realize I sound crazy and I have to calm myself down because it just isn't real. All of this has been progressive, as in it only gradually gets worse. It's gotten to the point I'm always thinking either my friends are plotting to embarrass me in front of everyone, if a guy asks for my number I can't give it to him because I feel like it's a joke. I've started to be convinced even my family is trying to hurt me or kill me. It's very uncomfortable and I get extremely scared over it at times. Also there are times when all of the sudden, I feel as if a switch has been flipped in my head, and I'm not there any more. I'm conscious of what I'm doing but I feel like I'm outside of my head watching myself do things. There's really no way to explain it. Other times I feel numb and once I got so desperate to feel something I cut myself. If it helps, I've heard from a couple people in my family that my mom was schizophrenic, or she believed she could talk to ghosts and things like that. (I don't know because she isn't present in my life and I can't ask her). My cousin also has some of the same symptoms as I do, and her mother has extreme bipolarity. Someone please tell me what to do. I'm so confused and I don't know how to handle this. I don't know what this is.