Advice pleaseby daffodilly » Mon Feb 23, 2015 6:25 pmHey, I would like some advice please. I'm not asking for a diagnosis, this just feels like the most helpful area to post. I'm going to be quite vague because I'm worried that someone I know might read this  Ok, so for the most part of a year I was worried I was being followed, spied on by a certain person, and whoever I felt like was involved with that person in some way or another in all areas of my life. Now, I'm not really sure what happened. I KNOW I was being bullied, but, I don't know how much of this was happening or not.I don't hear voices. On a few occasions I've heard people (in relation to my worries about being spied on) discuss really negative things about me in "the next room". I have no idea if this was in my head or not. When I was alone I also heard this person comment and laugh about me, BUT they could very well have been in a different building looking at me out of an open window or something. So again, I just don't know???So, I left the situation which was making me feel that way. And I've been a lot less anxious and stressed out, and a lot less preoccupied with it. For the year that this was going on this was all I could think about and it was making me seriously depressed, stressed and it was just awful.Ok, since I've left the situation and feel less stressed I've also at least twice now confirmed with others that I've completely misheard what's been said to the point that the meaning of what was said changed completely. And more recently I heard complete strangers nearby commenting negatively on something I'd done earlier, saying they would tell someone I knew about what I'd done, and then a few weeks later that person making a statement which sounded like they new everything about what I'd done. Which again could have happened, it's not impossible. And then I've never been alone when I've heard people say things. So, I just don't know? And I feel a lot better now, for the most part. I'm not sure if I should tell this to a doctor or not or a therapist? I've been in and out of therapy for a good year now for depression and I'm worried they will think I'm lying. The first time I ended up going to therapy I didn't say anything about this apart from trying to convince them I'm a good person and don't deserve the bullying or the bad reputation because I thought they were involved with the person doing this to me (I recognise that's not the case now...).