ÊRelationship beak-down at time of psychotic breakHi all, I wonder if any of you can offer any thoughts, or have had any similar experiences?My (until very recently) loving partner recently had a worsening of his (organicly caused) psychotic symptoms, which lead (amoungst other things) to him leaving me (i.e. moving out), briefly returning (in a significantly worse state than when he left), then being sectioned. Although the section was lifted after two weeks, he is still in hospital, and has now been there for 3 and a half weeks.When he has had psychotic episodes in the past, I have often (but not always) been the primary focus if his paranoias and delusions... And this latest (most severe) episode was no different.ÊWhen the psychosis leaves him, he has, in the past at least, regained insight into his reactions (including those to me), and returned to "normal" in his emotional responses. This time (so far, at least), this does not seem to be the case: he now seems to be "rationalising" his negative reactions towards me, and is currently arranging alternative amommodation, etc..He may (although we have not yet been able to discuss this: I have been too upset, and whilst he's somewhat better now, I'm not convinced he's yet in a state in which heavy conversation would be sensible) see this as something he needs to do whilst getting himself properly "sorted", with view to restarting our relationship at a later point, or he may view this as permanant.ÊInitially on admission to the hospital he began to react more postivley towards me (albeit he had technically split from me), then seemed to freak himself out over his increased postive emotions, and told me he didn't feel "safe" if I visited him (one of his paranoias is that I and other people have put spells on him to MAKE him want to be with me). I decided to give him space, not visiting or contacting him for a while. A few days ago, he did ask to see me, and we had a realtivley friendly meeting. It was partly "social", but I think also partly so he could tell me he was seeking other accommodation, and that we are still not together (tho as i said, i didn't ask if this is a permant thing to him). He did talk about wanting to meet up again next week, but unsure if he meant that sociably, or to "talk".I am heartbroken: I miss him so much (despite his recurring dellusions!!), and I am also incredibly hurt that he seems to have "rationlised" his negative attitude to me: at least when the only negative things he said about me were absurd and evidently not true, I could be sure it was the delusions talking... Now I just don't know what to think.Also, I am very worried that he won't get the level of care and treatment he needs (he's an EXPERT at hiding his delusional thinking from all but the people who know him best: he diverts attention from the most unusual sounding parts of his symptoms, even managing to convince a psychologist for several months that all he was suffering from was "anxiety".... Even though the evidence that this was not the case was abundantly clear to me, and a few others!). Basically, he seems to have enough insight to know what will/won't make him look "mad" in public (until he gets really, really bad), but not enough insight to understand it would be best to be open, and therefore recieve the help he needs. (This MAY be changing somewhat now he's in hospital, but I suspect from a few things he's said he's still not being entirely open with the medics...)Also, I have no experience of psychosis myself, so I don't know what it is/isn't, reasonable to expect from someone going through it.If anyone has any similar experiences to share, or can offer me any advice on how I should best approach this situation, I will be most greatful!!