ÊIt's been really difficult lately, can someone give me some good advice.Recently the voices have been trying a new approach. They reminding of everything I don't have. I have so much to be thankful for yet I can't stop thinking about having my own kids. I know some people still get married that have schizophrenia but I can't do that. I also walk around like I am under someone elses control and I also have this personality that uses my body that insults me with my own body. It's really difficult because I also feel really numb. My emotions are gone. To make things worst I also have to fight for my faith because I think terrible about God which really effect me. I show a good face to my family because I don't want them to worry but I feel so bad that evens my body hurts. I try doing things to occupy my time with but it's very difficult. I try praying but I feel like God does'nt evens take the time to look at me. Prayer is suppose to be peaceful place but I feel terrible because I see things smiling and mocking me in my prayers. I try to read scripture but I can't evens do that anymore because I hear someone elses terrible voice reading my thoughts...I tried for years but now I am getting really sick of it. All I can do is hope that God somehow reads for me because I just scan through the scripture with my finger hoping that He reads for me. I am also really struggling with my family because of my thoughts about my own religion. I try so hard to fit in but I can't. What must they think of me if they knew my thoughts about my own faith. I just hope one day they forgive me. The only thing that really helps me is music. I just hope it does'nt get spoilt because it really does help me. I also struggle because they know I long to get married and they use that against me. I fall for it everytime and I don't now how to fight it. I also recently felt like my perspective is changing, it's like I see things in a sick way which is so repulsive I feel sick. I don't know what to do. Is there medication I can take... I am on clopromazine. I rather be sedated than seeing these horrible things. I also don't sleep well. I try resting when I feel terrible but I can't sleep. I also feel anxiety about religion mostly... it's like a weight is put on me and I feel really stressed. It goes on for a long time. Is there something for anxiety that works. I have tried chamomile tea but it does'nt work. I have evens thought of doing drugs and drinking alcohol to calm myself down or anything to help me get some peace. I also feel really hollow and cold like there is no heat in my body, my heart also feel like something horrible is around it.ÊIf you have any advice, please help. Because I don't know what to do anymore?Thanks for your time.