ÊDoes this sound like Schizophrenia Prodrome? (sister) Please read?Okay - first - why i"m writing this - i just read on a news site that a man killed his father by reason of insanity that his father had abused him with no previous evidencei will say that there is a limited amount of evidence that yes, my father is a pedophile, so please don't get me wrong, I just don't know what to think.My sister may be prodromal. 18 months ago she very suddenly (within a matter of hours or days) had the belief that she was abused by my father, although this is possible there were things that weren''t like him shaving her all over including her head, at the time she said as a baby as a young child and as an older child in 'ritual' shavings... later she said only once but i'm sure she said more than once. I don't want to disbelieve her, especially because abuse memories can be confused, when the child is young it is normal for memories to come back in a funny way.At the same time, she talked about the local gypsy being her brother and that her potential boyfriend had hypnotised her into past life regression where she said that her husband in another life had burned her alive with her seven blonde children in a barn, because he was jealous .Later this developed into a more persistent (and very possible) that my father took her to a house and had watched her abused by several men.My sister is alcoholic, she shouts a lot, she does get very abusive, remembers things that weren't true, remembers a lot wrongly, and accuses and blames me and our mumShe has not deteriorated since the brief spell above, but has been not capable of much work (panic attacks) and has also been tortured by constant suicidal feelings more on than off for the past year or more. She spends a lot of her time alone, and went to London not letting anyone know where she went, only saying she was safe.The other factor is that me and our middle sister both have or had Schizophrenia.I read a brief thing where positive symptoms briefly, can be prodromal, and other things are taken into account like family history and other milder positive symptoms... (like what? what could a mild positive symptom be? the memories she has are so fleeting sometimes and she is sure of them and sometimes they make no sense.Could this all be prodrome? I am terrified for her if so - she is suicidal, chronically and frequently acutely...it is 16 - 17 months since it all started is that too long for a prodrome to last?ThanksWhat else could i look out for if she is displaying other signsshe hardly speaks, and i think that can be a sign