feel like giving upby sea00115699 » Fri Apr 03, 2015 3:30 amSo I'm actually doing pretty well. I'm staying on the medicine and enrolled at community college. It just sucks cuz the class is hard. This semester I started taking classes to become a bookkeeper or an accountant, one of the two, depending on how far i get with college. I don't feel so good. I never feel good. Maybe I'm just depressed because of the stuff happening to my family, but I just feel depressed. Not suicidally depressed, but enough to make each day miserable. I have a good life, with family and an online friend, and a home, but I just lately have been feeling like giving up on life. Feel like giving up on my accounting class, giving up on marriage, giving up on getting out of debt, giving up on trying to earn a living, just about everything but living. I just wonder why I should even bother. But when I think about living at home with my parents, which I'm going to do regardless of what happens, I get depressed thinking I'll never even get a job. I'm like, why bother not just living on the streets? Realistically my family would just take care of me and pick up the slack, which makes me feel even worse. I don't know why I feel like giving up on getting a job. I think it's just because my medicine causes me to have sleep insomnia and sleep over 10-12 hours a day. A year ago I went the mental hospital not because of a psychotic episode, but just because I didn't want to live anymore. I'm only really living because I didn't want to hurt my family or get in trouble with God. I'm just frustrated that I'm never feeling good anymore. I can barely even watch anime, which i used to love to do before I got schizophrenia, now I feel almost nothing when I watch it except for anxiety. I used to play the piano all of the time, but now i have no desire for it. I used to be so driven and work so hard, but after dropping out of university, I can't get myself to do anything. All my hard work amounted to a high school diploma and a driver's license, and that's all I've got to show for my life's achievements. I keep looking forward to when I die. I'm like counting down the days until I get cancer or heart disease and die from it or something, hoping it happens sooner rather than later. I'm not planning on killing myself right now, but I do want to die. I would miss my family terribly, but I can't stand the shame of living in my parent's basement and not having a job for the rest of my life. I care enough to complain, but I can't get myself to study that much. I'm only taking 6 units right now, and right now is spring break, so maybe that is why I'm not getting anything done? I'm frustrated because I feel like my life is over, even though I know I have a second chance to finish college and get a job. Plus, I'm frustrated because I can't lose weight. I can't stop eating. It takes all of my self control to just not gain weight while I'm on abilify, even though it's not supposed to cause that much weight gain. I just don't know how I would hold down the job when I can't handle people, can't stay awake, cant' stay motivated to study, can't do anything. I'm a complete mess. I can't even enjoy myself.