My cousin is in the other room asleep its 00:19 and I called the NHS24 what seems like an eternity ago, they are gonna call back. Things are bad right now, thought there was someone in the house, been creeping around for the last hour. I don't know how long they are gonna take to call back...Like i can hear them. doors opening talking about me. I think they want us dead, the dog too. I know I have posted infrequently these past two weeks or so, but I am trying to get help, went to the doc's they said they couldnt just throw me back on meds incase it worsened my condition.so Im waiting for the mental health people to contact me.If the nhs24 calls soon I don't know what they'll say the guy said it will be the same as friday night, that i can go in and get something to calm me down and sleep. i dont want to sleep incase they get me, i dont want to "calm down" as it will more than likely dull my senses. I need to be prepared for the worst. They seem to have gone rather quiet as im writing this. don't know why...But I've been thinking, And don't ???????? me please. Will i ever be 100% again, im 22 my first thing was about a year or 2 ago. and Life has never been the same, even on meds. All the meds seem to be are the lesser of two evils. they partially silence the voices and stuff, but i loose my reactions and sense of time. I vaguely remember when i was out of hospital again and with my parents i would lie in bed for hours even days with the sheets over me, oblivious to the world and my surroundings. my 12 year old brother now goes to therapy because of me. my aunt hates me because in my absent minded excitement to unburden my parents and move out i forgot to tell her and have not contacted her until recently. What do i have in life. NOTHING. what can i get out of life. NOTHING. even in years time if i do some how become better through some miracle, I feel i will still be traumatised from my previous episodes. as I am right now. I'm on my couch right now, with my knife and....I just I don't know. Im sorry this was a long post, I don't expect you to read it or even care i just need to get my thoughts down It might help me think clearer or something. If they do tell me to go to hospital and get meds, how will i be able to leave the house? .... I don't think they would send an ambulence or anything i wouldnt want nor expect them to.they're back...