My bosses keep telling me I'm a good, quick worker. We had one of the 'higher-ups" helping me clean restrooms today because the regular guy on our crew took the day off to go to a funeral. We split the duties but I kept finishing my duties before him. So he commented, "Good job", and he let me take little breaks to drink a Coke or stand around while he finished his half.I didn't know while we were working whether I was getting on his nerves all day but the last thing he said when he had to leave at the end of the day was, "It was nice working with you. You did a good, thorough job". Maybe I post too much about my job.In 1966 when I was 5 years old and my sisters were 6 and 7, my mom and us chipped in on a nice toolbox for my dad for Christmas. We were poor and this was a big purchase; he would have never spent the money to buy one for himself. Through the years he filled the toolbox with various tools, one at a time. He used the tools for normal things like working on our car or doing home repairs.Also inside was a memento from his own dad who died when I was one years old. It was a small, old socket set that his dad used when he worked inside a prison for 15 years as a machinist in the 1930's and 1940's. The socket set was irreplaceable and maybe even valuable and my dad treasured it.Well in 1989 when I was 28 I was addicted to crack and I sold most of my possessions for crack. TV's, stereo's, clothes, camera's, watches etc. And being poor those were literally everything I owned that were worth any money. But one night my dad lent me his car even though both my sisters warned him repeatedly not to because of my drug history. Sure enough, I drove to the worst part of town for drugs. But I had no money. So when some street guy said he would trade me one rock of cocaine (worth $20.00) for my dads toolbox I said sure, and that's what I did.I smoked up the crack in 5 minutes and made the long trip home. When I started coming down off of the crack I had great remorse for selling the toolbox and I was scared of what my dad was going to say or do. I don't think I've ever been so disappointed in myself. I got home and put off telling my dad but when I finally did he was angry but he was more disappointed in me then mad. He told me how irresponsible, I was and how much he had helped me and he was hurt that I would disregard his feelings and how I demonstrated such a lack of respect for his prized possession.But he was also resigned to how I was always screwing up and that drugs and my illness combined were making me wreck my life and his. This was one of the low points of my life. But being the type of person that he was, my dad stuck by me and didn't reject me or kick me out of the house or lay a hand on me. I don't know how he controlled himself and not do me any harm but he was cool that way. But selling that toolbox was perhaps one my greatest regrets in life because of what it stood for and for the lost memories it caused.When I was hospitized in 1981 there was this huge guy who arrived after me. It was a large hospital and I saw him around. One day I was out on the back lawn and he walked right up to me and got in my face for no reason. He had a paper cup with a little Kool-Aid in it and he poured it on my head and threatened me. He was big and looked like an ex-football player and I got scared so I didn't hit him. I learned years later why he did this. But the funny thing is that after that incident he was really friendly to me and we got on good terms.But the hospital let certain people keep cars behind the hospital in a parking lot. And this guy had a pick-up truck parked there. I was still a little wary of him and one day he came up to me and he said, "Hey, me and a couple guys are going to drive up to the hills to just walk around. You want to come"? But I thought he was asking me so he could take me out and kill me. So I told him this and he turned and walked away without saying a word. I think he thought I was a wimp for being so afraid. I was just paranoid.But the funny thing is, now this exact same guy lives in my apartment complex! And we get along fine. In fact I saw him yesterday and said "Hi".My other neigbor talked to him and the guy told him about the Kool-Aid incident and it turns out the guy wanted to fight me in the hospital because for some reason his voices told him I was going to kill him.Did you ever whittle wood with a knife as a kid? That was a big pastime for me and my friends when we were kids. We took a chunk of wood and carved little boats or canoes out of it and sailed them in puddles or in the gutter after a rain. I think it's a lost art, my nephews never did it. We carved bows and arrows out of tree branches and a string to shoot each other or to shoot stray cats or dogs. Tom Sawyer or Huck Finn would have been proud of us.Do you do anything for the people who have helped you? I really like doing any small or large thing to help my family now. They have helped me during my entire illness, nearly 35 years so I feel good that I can return the favors. I have house sat for them many times. I always tell them they don't have to pay me but they got good jobs and will ALWAYS give me money. I have gone to their house while they are away on business and vacations to water their plants and feed their animals. Every few months I take in my older sisters dog while she travels. I also give them rides if their car is in the shop. When my sister had foot surgery I drove all over town running her errands for her while she recovered. I have done yard work too, and helped them move several times. I even drove the moving van across town. And when my sister started her own business she hired me to load furniture in a U-Haul truck and I drove it down south across four towns to her storage space. I rented the truck, I loaded it up, and unloaded it. One thing I do for free is drive them to the airport but they haven't asked me for that in awhile. Anyway, what kind of stuff do you do for your families?Objectively, I would never have wanted to be schizophrenic at any point in my 35 years with it. BUT... I remember some of the experiences I had while having it were "interesting". That's about as positive as I can get about it. I would not like to have any of those "interesting" experiences again and I certainly do not miss them. I could have done just fine in my life without any those experiences. I could be happy never having had them in the first place.Maybe some people enjoy schizophrenia in the small picture or they enjoy some of the the small details but in the big picture if you look at your overall experience with schizophrenia I don't think anyone would really want it. Ask anyone who has had schizophrenia for more than 3-5 years if they have enjoyed having had it. You don't need a poll to see that most people would rather never have had it.I was sitting in the break room at work today, drinking a coke and a women soldier walks in. She had her back to me as she washed a cup or a glass in the sink. I was sitting there trying to act normal when she started singing.Now even before I got sick I've had a slight problem when people start singing near me. I'll explain. I know it sounds odd. But people sing near me! I don't mean when you're with friends and you sing a tune you like.The first time it happened I was 19 and working at a gas station. My boss was out helping me pump gas and he started singing nervously. I thought I was making him nervous and that's why he was singing. Buy it freaked me out and it made me nervous for real. I guess I thought I was driving him crazy.Anyway it happens to me occasionally and until today I thought people sang near me because I was acting crazy somehow and they were nervous and that by singing they were trying to show me how crazy I was. I seriously thought this. So the women today is singing away and I started freaking out. I thought, "Am I acting crazy"? "Does she know I have schizophrenia"? "Is this her way of getting back at me"? This went on for a full minute.BUT..........!!!! I gave up. She knows!! (I was thinking) So when she turned around I gave her a weird look. And she says, " Oh, excuse the singing. It's just such a nice day today".I had nothing to do with me!! A 35 year old problem was solved in 60 seconds.The minutia of schizophrenia.P.S. Don't get me started on people coughing, lol.I was really into knives as a kid. I got it from my dad. I remember when we lived in L.A. and we had some stuff stored in our basement in boxes and crates. I was nosing around down there one day when I was about 7 or 8 and I found a large suitcase. I was curious and I opened it up. It was filled with papers and small knick-knacks. The papers was my dads old papers and doodling and drawings from when he was in grade school in the small town he grew up in. But there was also stuff like old watches, old pens that you had to dip into an inkwell to write with, old ribbons or medals he got from when he served in Korea. There was also a lot of stuff in the suitcase that was his fathers. And pocketknives.A LOT of pocketknives. Old ones that were his fathers from 1920 or 1930 or ones my dad had owned in the fifties or sixties. Well, being a young boy, I took the knives out of the suitcase to play with. These were really neat knives. They were ornately decorated and made in neat styles I have never seen before or since. So I played with them and used them to carve wood or dig holes and one by one I either lost them or broke them. I forgot about them but years later I wondered if those pocketknives would have been worth anything. And I kicked myself for breaking them because they were my dads and his dads and they were irreplaceable.But the prices are outrageous. A decent room in some families house runs $800.00 per month in the south bay. In Gilroy it's a lot cheaper. I want to stay in this area but I am considering moving to a whole new area and looking for a new job there. But in the back of my mind is the fate of a guy who was living in my board & care home in 1995. The guy made too many changes at once. #1) He moved out. #2) He quit his job. #3) He stopped taking his meds. #4) He closed his bank account and got cash. A month later the owner of our board & care informed us they found him laying outside, dead with $3000.00 cash on him.I'm moving at the end of the month. At least I learned how low and rotten some people are and how they don't have any pride. And then they have the absolute f-ing nerve to set themselves up like they are somehow superior. Sorry, I'm in a bad place in my mind right now. If I scared any of these losers that I live with than that makes me happy. OK, I'll be fine now. I got paid today, had a good day at work, looking forward to the weekend. My goal is to get out and either hit an AA meeting or go across the street for coffee. And I've been walking a lot lately. I take laps around my complex. OK, I calmed down. My step-dad is probably right. They think what they're doing to me is perfectly alright. They don't know it's wrong. Please don't ask me what they did to me.You can't put daily insanity into words.I work on an army base. They have a warning system of four levels of seriousness because of the constant threat of terrorism. This past year it has been a yellow sign up on the doors that they post to warn of a mild threat. But this past week they upped the level of warning to purple which means that for some reason there's is a bigger threat to their building.So they were on a heightened alert and they posted guards right inside the entrance to the base that we drive into.AND inside the building itself. Double security.Well, I got to work on time at 7:30 am but about 10:00 am the lights inside the building went out and an alarm sounded and a man came on all the speakers that are situated in the break rooms and offices. The man said it was only a test but ten seconds later a women came on and said that there was an emergency right outside the building and for everybody to just stay where they were until further notice. And then another alarm came on with a loud, high-pitched "Whoop, Whoop". And the girls warning and the"Whoop, Whoop", was repeated steadily for 15 minutes.Eventually it stopped. I just kept working through the whole thing and I never did find out what the incident was.