 Severe Trembling/Insomnia/Unable to EatHi, I’m a 22 year old male. Recently I’ve been shaking a lot, as though I’m really, really cold. My whole body trembles violently, and sometimes my head twitches and jerks to the side. This started about two weeks ago, just out of nowhere. It happens especially when I lay down or when I get up, and occasionally when I’m standing or sitting down, just at random. These tremors usually only last for about 5 minutes or so. I’d say it happens at least 10 times a day, probably more. Sometimes it’s obviously linked to stress, but most of the time, it just happens randomly, every day, throughout the day. This never used to happen to me before.. except when.. I became possessed by some.. other personality or something. I call it Maleck, my demonic side.. It would occasionally come out.. and when it did I would begin to tremble really bad, uncontrollably.. I would grin evilly and incessantly and laugh and sit completely rigid, just staring into space, thinking of doing horrible things. I had this intense urge to kill anyone I could get my hands on, including those I loved. An overwhelming, paralyzing sense of darkness consumed me, and I just felt, so inexplicably evil. I could hardly even move a muscle. It’s almost like I was paralyzed. These spells usually only lasted for 10 or 15 minutes.. but during that short amount of time, I really had to fight myself not to do anything stupid, like killing someone.. so I guess even though I was possessed, there was still another part of me that was awake in the back of my mind.. a good part.. fighting my bad part.. He still comes out occasionally, but not nearly as much as he used to, though I always feel him, deep in the back of my head. I’ve seen several psychologists throughout my lifetime. I’ve a really hard time speaking to strangers, so seeing a psychologist really wasn’t the best route. I could hardly say two words. My mom actually did most of the talking for me, because I couldn’t talk, and was completely mute. They diagnosed me with Schizophrenia, Bipolar Disorder, Asperger’s Syndrome, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Gender Identity Disorder, Social Phobia, Major Depressive Disorder, and Avoidant Personality Disorder. I suspect I have Borderline Personality Disorder too, as I have every single symptom of it. I’m not on any medication right now. I used to take Zyprexa for my Schizophrenia, and some other medication for another disorder of mine, but I don’t remember what it was. I vaguely remember my psychiatrist experimenting with different medications for different disorders I have. I stopped taking all my medications a few months ago because of the bad side effects, and because they weren’t helping.. at all. I can’t sleep at all.. Haven’t slept in over three whole days.. I’m beyond tired, but something.. just won’t allow me to sleep.. I’ll lie there for hours in my bed, with my eyes closed, trying to sleep, but to no avail. I can’t clear my thoughts.. My head is just.. really hazy and chaotic. I don’t want to do anything. I don’t want to go outside. I don’t want to see anyone. Don’t want to talk to anyone. I just want to sit alone in my room, and do nothing. I suppose that’s my depression. I don’t really know anymore. I can’t eat. My stomach is very nauseated. Has been for days. I’m pretty much skin and bones. When I try to eat I feel like I’m going to vomit. So I can’t even force myself to eat. I feel like I’m withering away. I’m so weak and frail. Not really sure.. what is wrong with me.. Mostly, I just wanna know why I’m trembling so much and why I can’t sleep for the life of me and why I can’t eat.. If anyone has any theories.. or suggestions.. I’d gladly listen.. My tremors definitely aren’t related to Maleck.. cuz I don’t feel the urge to kill anyone when I’m trembling, and I don’t feel that soul-crushing, spine-splitting darkness infiltrating my whole being. Mostly, I just feel completely and utterly helpless, as there’s nothing I can do to stop the trembling, nothing I can do to relax myself. Kinda just needed to rant a bit. Needed someone to hear my words.. I don’t have anyone else to talk to about this.. I’d appreciate any input I can get.