hi my name is chris and ive been through an awful lot of bad situations over the last 7 years, ill start at the beginning. when i was living in my old house we used to joke that its haunted. it was only after an incident that i truly started believing it. one day, my mother and i accompanied a drug dealer to find his stash. the drug dealer said he'd hidden his stash under this big wheely bin, and asked me to help him find it. so me and the dealer started looking round and in the bin. the dealer got a call on his phone and walked off. i continued looking for the stash, and low and behold, found it. it was a stash of 2,500 pounds worth of crack cocaine in a hat. so i for some reason stuffed the hat into my pocket. The drug dealer came back from his private conversation and asked me if i had any luck finding it. No i told him, and carried on pretending to look. when the dealer had given up, i got into my mums car, told her i found his stash and asked her what i should do with it. She told me to keep hold of it , and say nothing to no one. We arrived back at our house, went upstairs, went into my mums room, locked the door and began smoking the crack. 4 nights past, as we smoked this crack hour after hour... the drug was so moreish i couldent put it down and goto sleep even though id been up for days. The only reason i stopped smoking it was because i started feeling pains in my chest where my heart had been racing for days, and i could see the tiny veins pulcing in my eyeballs. i told my mum something was wrong, and she had no other way of bringing me down except for giving me some heroin, so i took it after promising id never touch it and floated away into the clouds. i sat on the chair facing the door, and stiupidly sat with my legs apart and said out loud, "i open myself up to the universe, to whoever comes to me". [dont ask me why i did this , i was totally off my head] then suddenly i saw a shadow creep over my bed and it blanketed me [by this time i knew i was seeing things because of the drugs but i didnt care at the time] after this happened my jaw started moving on its own, and words were coming out of my mouth, even though i was not saying anything myself. my mum was asking me what on earth i was talking about but i told her it was not me. the entity that was talking through me said her name was rachel greenwood and she was a 27 year old girl, who lived here in this house decades ago. me and my mum sat listening to rachel all night. by the morning i could see her faint outline, like what you would expect a spirit to look like, and at this point i knew it was something to do with the creack cocaine. after the crack had left my system, the image of rachel was gone, but she could still talk to me through my mouth, and i could also hear her in my head. this went on for months, and gradually got worse and worse to the point of rachel not being the only voice in my head. now there were 3. rachel told me there were evil spirits around me cus i called them to me when i sat on my chair that night and said anything in the universe come to me, at this point i was scared i had called evil spirits to me, and i got more and more frightened. the evil voices started telling me that if i dont let them control my body then they were going to make me kill myself. at first i stood up to them, telling them to goto hell, but gradually they started gaining the ability to control my body , starting with my hands, then my legs and finally my whole body, if i sat still suddenly my body would move as if by its self. alot of terrifying things happened to me at this point, but its too hard for me to talk about that so i will skip a bit. The climax came when i had litterally had enough of this i would rather die then let these voices take me over so i tried drowning myself in the bath tub, witch i couldent keep my head under long enough, so i got 50 co-codamol tablets and took them, that did nothing apart from making me violently sick. so i tried cutting my own throught, only i was just able to slightly nick my neck, so in a last desperate attempt to end it all, i jumped out of my 3rd floor kitchen window. i dont remember hitting the floor, i just remember calling for help and asking for an ambulance, one of witch turned up a few minitues later. next i was in hospital, i had been x-rayed and found nothing broken so they were ready to discharge me, untill they noticed very wrong behavior coming from me, i was exposing my privates, witch a nurse came by at least 4 times to tell me to cover up, then i was talking to the voices telling them to get lost at the top of my lungs , so they put me in a side room and called a member of the local psych ward to come examine me. I only suppose they deemed something very wrong, as the next thing i knew i was being driven to the psych ward in the ambulance. they took me to a private room and put me in the bed. hours past as i was literally pinned to the bed by the voices, they wouldent let me get up then finally i was able to break out of the hold they had on me and i frightenedly went to the dining room to eat an apple. the doctors put me on a medication called olanzapene, and i took this every day for a month untill finally the bad voices went away, leaving only the good one. to this day i am still taking olanzapene, and i still hear rachels voice when i ask her to speak ad sometimes when i dont, but does anyone think that it was totally my illness causing the horror i faced or could there be something out there that latched on to me?