 The Pharmaceutical – APA – NAMI Triangle\ComplexSince the dawn of the Industrial Age an “epidemic” of psychiatric disorders have developed in the West. As people left farms to cities looking for higher wages and work, the change from agrarian culture to industrial culture created an up upheaval for not only humanity but also for Eco-systems large and small. Work in the mills and factories, produced not only pollution in the environment, but also working conditions and societal conditions that harmfully effect and affect human beings. For most of human history, human beings had been intimately intertwined with the natural world, working with it to feed themselves at the mercy of weather patterns and animal migrations. In agrarian society, the merchant class was always a small portion of the population, most people worked on farms and lived off of the animals and plants they raised. With the advent of the industrial age, capitalism and commerce grew to stellar heights where now mega-corporations are not only national, but global.Though it is clear that human beings have had physical, emotional, behavioral and mental problems in the past, in close knit traditional societies, person having a problem was more than just a consumer or social security number, they were a part of the extended family of the the tribe and the shaman and were treated as beloved members of the tribe that needed help. With the development of agriculture and the emergence of the state, division of labor developed into different roles and in the West humanity began a slow march into isolation from not only each other with in the community but also from nature. The close bond of a a shaman to his or her people was replaced, the development of the highly secretive and reclusive priesthood, who mainly dealt with royalty, lost their healing capacity and became the bully pulpit of the masses. Superstition abounded, with a steadier and steadier push to more (so called) rational thinking. Eventually physicians took on the role of healer, with all sorts of ideas on what diseases were and how they were caused. Human beings have always used plant based chemicals to affect consciousness and to heal illness, but in the past the chemicals were used in the context of ritual and were considered sacred. From the shaman, to the alchemist, to the chemist, to now the mass production and dissemination of drugs that we have today. The so called “doctors” now, pour drugs they know little about, into people they hardly even know. The drugs we see today for psychiatric illness do not heal, because they were made by laboratories that are not interested in cure, by cold and calculating chemists who work only for money and profit, with a semblance of good will. But is this really good will when the drugs are offered in place of therapies and techniques which can actually resolve a crisis and heal a person?We are lead to believe in the U.S. that psychiatric disorders are a disease process, and introduced (conveniently) in to the mix is a widget called a pill. Any primary education in capitalism, will show you that widgets, in the designing of them, making, and marketing of them is at the heart of capitalism and answers a demand (even if the demand is created and not natural) and is the key component towards making a profit for those involved. There is a triangle\complex in the United States that has resulted from the industrial revolution, capitalism and its assault on humanity and the environment. The triangle is the Pharmaceutical Corporation on one side, American Psychiatric Association (APA) at the other, and the National Alliance of the Mentally Ill (NAMI) at its base. At the center of this triangle are pills that do not cure, that generate huge profits, and debilitate and ultimately kill those that consume them. The APA votes (notice I didn't write “does scientific work”) on what psychiatric diseases are. They codify and label human experience without any real scientific process . The pharmaceutical companies come up with widgets in the form of drugs (many of which they do not know how they work) test them for a short period, get them approved and distributed to pharmacies. The Psychiatrists are informed and taught about the drugs and what they “treat” and then they market them and write scripts to their clients they diagnose with voted upon diseases. The other arm in this triangle, NAMI, does all sorts of grass roots work and lobbying for the triangle to keep the triangle hidden from the general public, educating those they call “consumers” about how great and wonderful drugs are and the psychiatrists that prescribe them. Although this conspiracy is not technically criminal, it is a conspiracy to profit off of contrived “diseases” and those involved suppress real resolution to psyche crisis's. Those drugs that are new or considered most effective cost an arm and a leg for a months supply at recommended dosages. Not only that a fifteen minute appointment with a psychiatrist can cost upwards of $250. So, a cast of support characters support the triangle, such as insurance corporations and government welfare programs. Despite the fact that the pills do not cure, and often don't really help those taking them, and can cause disability and ultimately death. The real problem is not so called diseases for which there is no scientific evidence for, but the for the fact of human diversity that is funneled into a machine like materialistic oriented society, that attacks the spirit of many individuals, creates disorders and syndromes at epidemic levels, denies any other possible frame work for living or resolution – all for the bottom line: $ Until we view humanity through the lens of the natural world, considering the interdependence of all living beings and the fact that a human being is a body-mind-spirit – both animal and soul – in nature and dependent on it to live, then more disorders will come to the surface. Until holistic treatments are embraced and the profit motive is taken out of health care (or at least managed to reasonable levels) fewer and fewer people will resolve their physical, emotional, and psychological issues. Our society must evolve beyond this stage in our development, throw out the destructive elements and embrace a wider of view of reality. The destruction must not continue if we are to survive as a species and remain human and free.