Psychotic episode from pain medication/unintentional self-injurious behaviorUseful facts before reading this:-Please don't get mad at me if you don't think I'm having psychotic episodes; I don't know-I have bipolar-I have never been diagnosed with schizophrenia-I have memory loss problems during my episodes-I just had gallbladder surgery 4 days ago-I've been taking small amounts of perkoset-I take xanax for night anxiety-I've had issues for the past few years where it feels like people are touching me, or there are drops of water falling on me-these issues have gotten worse since I've been on pain pills-This episode was not mania. I know mania. This was different.I have been having what I guess is psychosis/extreme anxiety/I don't even KNOW what this nonsense is. The night of my surgery, I was fine, didn't sleep well because of the pain, whatever.The next night? Pure insanity.WARNING: this is sickening and embarrassing coming upLet me preface this with "Everybody poops." So let's get over that.Let me also preface this with the assurance that I HATE butt stuff. None of this happened because I wanted it to. Let me reassure you.Apparently after abdominal surgery, sometimes your intestines can get upset. They kind of shut down for a bit. So constipation, diarrhea, pain, are all normal.I thought I was constipated. I had probably slurped down about 5 L of water that second day. I couldn't stop doing it. (looking back that's a CRAZY amount, but probably was foreshadowing the insanity; I NEVER drink that much water).I had already taken a water-soluble laxative (my mother (taking care of me) is a doctor and didn't want me to get constipated.)I hadn't gone since the night before surgery. I thought (THOUGHT being the key word here) that I was constipated. So, I drank more miralax at my mother's request. Long story short, (two trips to walmart, two suppositories, 2 doses of milk of magnesia and an fleet enema later) I was crazy. There was nothing in me. Nothing. (Let me just say real fast, God bless my mother. She is a saint. A saint that owns an arsenal of laxatives large enough to blow a hole in the ozone layer.)I felt disgusting after the butt-theatrics that had just gone on, so I decided to have a sponge bath because I had just had surgery.Let me preface this next bit with the fact that I remember only flashes of it.Two and a half hours later (two hours that felt like ten minutes) my mother came into the bathroom and asked what the hell I was doing.I was bright red. Like, parbroiled lobster red, and not only because I had scrubbed myself pink, but because I was so anxious that I was flushing red.I had gone nuts by this point. I had been shaking a little all day, and having hot and cold flashes, but I started into full-on tremors, visual and internal. I couldn't stop moving. I couldn't sit still.I was itching myself like crazy, so my mom gave me benadryl, and made me come and lay down in bed with her because she was afraid I was going to hurt myself.AND THEN: she gave me a xanax, and all hell broke loose.I was sitting up and laying down and sitting up and laying down. Over and over and over. (Note: just had abdominal surgery, so it hurt terribly the next day and probably during, not that I remember)I was crying my eyes out, I was begging my mom to never tell anyone that this had happened, and I was telling her how nuts I was, and that "I needed professional help" because "who the hell does this."Still don't remember anything from this point.Somehow, in some miraculous way, I fell asleep.I woke up an hour later, still shaking but less insane, went back to my room, wrote my mother an email saying how much I loved her, and fell asleep. (I remember this vaguely)This happened again last night, just to a slightly lesser degree and minus the butt drama and the email.It happened again tonight, only to a slightly lesser degree, minus the butt drama, and also I'm still awake. It's 1 AM.Any and all help is appreciated.I'm going crazy here.