Êmore of the crazy things that go on in my headi have been going through a lot of weird things lately. one thing that happened recently was that i felt my name is wanda because i am able to create worlds or something using my "fish" with this one guy who is the only other one who can do it with me (he ship-shapes into different men in order too woo me, and i have encountered him many different times throughout my life each as my different boyfriends). we were going to make a new family (world) but he said he might have been my brother because there was a lot of these types of things that were happening with our family previously. the family of "god" type creatures. he said that the lord created the world and we are all brothers and sisters. i told him he is not my brother, i could feel it.he had a lot of self esteem issues. things like he could not match up to my side of the family because he isn't "smart" enough and did not have enough testosterone" i told him he had a good heart. he said he has the ability to "make himself" into my bed by reforming his molecules. or something like that. i said i didn't want him to do that because it was not normal. (he had a special attachment in his brain that his father invented that would allow him to do this)also supposedly my great grandmother's name was also "Wanda" and she was the first "fish maker" and she was molested by her father and very bitter and her soul was there as well. and she wanted to be "sucked" into me to be a part of the new world, but the guy did not like her because she was very bitter about her past molestation. but i was insistent that she was a good soul and that i could help her get passed that and i loved her.the person who was to mate me said he hated being in my house because it brought back very bad memories for him. he said we could meet outside if i went out he would find me. but i did not go.also he would have made me into the sky with him where we would have our babies. but he wanted to use certain genes in me that i did not want him to. he wanted me to have extra testosterone so that i would be more sexual with him. he wanted me to be short like the size of a young child.. and other things i did not feel comfortable with. he wanted to do these things because of the abuse in our past, and he only wanted to do them in order to "add up" to the rest of the family.i was told by them i am a very old soul and have made worlds many times in my past and that's why i am so bitter. but i told him i had a new trick to clear out my soul of past problems. simply saying to myself out loud "wanda is good, wanda is happy, wanda is her natural self" things of that sort (my name really is wanda by the way)towards the end of the fantasy i started to feel very light headed and could barely breath (this has been happening to me a lot recently) that is when he told me i was going to die. because he is a part of me and if he "created himself into my bed" i would die.Êweird huh? am i crazy, dreaming while awake?? maybe i have a brain tumor that would explain all the light headedness i have been experiencing.