ÊVenting out it all (likely not schizophrenia)Don't read if you are easily triggered!Becoming schizophrenic is a fear of mine, kind of natural to feel so I guess, but maybe there's reason beause I see symptoms in me. Self-diagnosis sucks... but I'm not worst person at self-analysis...Anyway I looked up some early symptoms and there's kind of alarmingly many things that sound too familiar, but some important ones not at all.Depersonalization, derpression, anxiety, those I have experienced in life at points, but "healed", they've come back, then it's kinda lika bipolar, there's no single diagonisis that applies all the time, as it usually goes, but I've had a lot of these that kind of are part of schizophrenia diagnosis, I fear it's evolving into schizophrenia (male, 23). Major depression and psychosis, social anxiety I've had diagnoses for, but that was some years ago. Depersonalization episode is self-diagonosed, last winter in specific. I had something of that sort, I don't think it needs doctors words. Alchohol and stuff was involved.I've talked to myself for years and I argue with myself too, kind of. I think it stems from social anxiety and isolation. Ruminate social events years back, it happens, less so recent years.I walk around a lot in the house sometimes.Hygeiene all that neglect often, hard time learning to make a habit of it.Find myslef staring, thinknig nothing, it doesn't feel exactly ill though? Just not normal, I do it publicly, zone off. I feel like people are looking at me thinking he's a weird person.Doubt of my own thoughts, facts in mind, this has happened a lot recently.I also like to invent words spontaneously a lot because I don't have words for something.Suicidal thoughts, these have been on off for years, sometimes more intense. Much worse years ago.Thoguht blocks, memory issues, loss of train of thought, happen considerably for my age dude. Don't know what is normal and healthy.I get obsessive feels, thoughts. I've had history of really obsessive extensial crisis thoughts. Cleaning things, stuff like that, I've learned to tone down, often I can do things just fluidly, no obsessiveness.I also get these feelings I'm eating, drinking, doing something unhealthy, maybe poisonous, but sense says right back, that is not reasonable. But I go on a loop, that bothers me.The thing is though, I haven't to my understanding ever had real, proper hallucinations and delusions, except normal human delusions. Sense experiences are accurate so to speak, and I don't go to some crazy grandeur, except sometimes semi-playfully think I'll become a rockstar or cult leader. Only in my depersonalization episode and spending a lot time alone at home, my vision got little weird, thought foggy etc, I got spooked by some things easily, that was closest to feeling like I might see or hear proper hallucainations, but they didn't appear.It's like I fear legit sounds and visions are hallucinations? I have this backwards? It's like I'm obsessed self-diagnosing schizophrenia or similar.That's about it. What does it sound like? I should go talk to a professional? A lot of the times I'm fine too, and at times, if you ran into, me you'd think me as really healthy person... this what has been problem for me, I appear too healthy. Maybe because I hold on to giving healthy impression. Only thing I'm really worried about is that underneath all this I've been slowly developing schizophrenia and it's gonig to hit me big time some of these days....Looking at this text, I clearly I have some "problems"... OCD-like self-analysis, would you say?'Really it's just to get some stuff out of my mind. I'm not schizophrenic, but who knows, I may be someday, I guess that's to be lived with. I'd like to get a diagnosis of some sort though, maybe it would help me reason my behavior... I just don't believe in diagnoses completely, and I feel like one can be self-fulfilling.I have OCD... I can't say it because it's popular, lightly used thing by many, but I think I'm actually OCD. I have history of that, and it happens in episodes. I have perfectionism issues.And there it is biggest fucking train wreck of a post I've ever made anywhere, but it's it written honestly out of my mind.ÊI'm left with slight doubt though, maybe I'll become schizophrenic... naah. Maybe I start increasedly worrying about poisounous food? What? But this sort of thought pattern exactly feeds schizophrenia.My mind is a mess.