ÊJitter vision?Hi, not sure if this is the right place to put this thread as i don't know if its tied to my mental illness or something else entirely as you may know from my first post im 25, had my 1st and only psychotic episode in 2011, spent 9 weeks in a mental hospital and was diagnosed with Paranoid Schizophrenia (drug induced) as of late my diagnosis has been debated from Schizophrenia to Delusional Disorder nonetheless i have triggered many sub-like illnesses as result of the psychotic episode such as ADHD, severe paranoia, psychogenic vomiting, hypervigilance, OCD, selective mutism etc, but to bring you up to speed my psychiatrist says "due to the vast amount and different types of illicit drugs i was taking all at 1 time i most likely caused pretty bad brain damage.But back to my original question/thread title: "Jitter vision" this is as best as what i can describe what im experiencingAs usual i go to sleep fine at about 12am after taking my medication at 11.. waking up 2 or 3 times during an 8 hour sleep. But recently (say the last 2/3 weeks) i've been waking up in the middle of the night, still feeling drowsy/sleepy/eyes heavy i would noticed both my eyes would look to the left then snap back to normal then up and to the left then right then back to normal again. Then after closing my eyes i would still feel them move on their own under my eyelids. Most importantly, this feeling is accompanied by a very strange sensation in my head like its connected to my brain? and feels like brain is being made feel out of place? Like a Wooozy/Strained pulling feeling? Its very hard to explain and i apologize for the vagueness of how I'm describing what i feel.This would happen every few nights but last night (18/04/2015) was the worst and scariest. I woke up about 4am, groggy, checked my phone then looked at the top of my cabinet near the ceiling when my eyes rapidly jittered/moved everywhere looking up down left right corner to corner very fast i counted about 6 or 7 different uncontrollable eye movements accompanied by a stronger strange scary unexplainable mind/brain straining feeling, i closed my eyes and as before didnt help so eventually i had to sit up, have a cigarette and turn on the TV to have something for my eyes to focus on.None of the above things happen during the day, only when i wake up in the middle of the night randomly from a sleep still feeling sleepy/groggy/drowsy. I'm terrified its a brain tumor or something horrible because it has only started happening now, almost 4 years after my episode.Any light or opinions anyone can shed on this problem would be much appreciated also i had no idea this post would be so long so thank you for taking the time to read through it. Below are a list of my medications and other info that might help:Seroquel/Quitapine, 600mg (at night)Diazepam, 5mg, 3 times a dayBeen taking Co-codamol recently for a tongue ulcer (Painkiller/contains Codeine) finished 3 day course about 4 days ago since ulcer is now nearly healedUsually on a Friday i would take 2 bottles of Buckfast or a 700ml bottle of Captain MorgansI can't think of much more info to add but any questions you need answered ill surely replyRegards