I'm in Crisisby Juliet Ca. » Sun Mar 01, 2015 8:55 pmI've posted one other time on here, and I am quickly running out of options.I am newly married, and i have a three year old son. I work in an outbound call center. I am schizophrenic, and am growing greatly delusional. I feel like i can't trust my spouse, and this thought is absurd. My other has done nothing but love me and try to understand what she knows about my disorder...but she doesn't know everything. She has a psych degree, and i was a psych major before dropping out due to this illness, ironically. To repeat all my doctors, i am extremely high functioning, and am apparently such a miracle case (to have survived in such a state for years without medicine) that many think i was misdiagnosed. I'm confident that my symptoms are congruent with schizophrenia...as much as it hurts. The worst part is the thoughts of murder. It's all day long. Whether in the front or back of my mind, I am always considering killing (in creative and sadistic ways) other women to whom i am attracted. THIS IS NOT me bragging about how dangerous i can be, as is the modern trend. This is me PLEADING, begging for direction, resources, assistance of some kind. Even just one person that can say, "I KNOW what's happening to you." I recently, while in a murderous, spaced out fog at my office, wrote out a hit list with about 15 women on it. My wife showed up on that list three separate times. Half of me wants to kill my own wife, and for that, i am suicidal and very afraid. I have become extremely volatile and on edge. I had a breakdown at my office and ended up having to tell two coworkers what's wrong with me. This soothed me for a very brief moment, then raised my paranoia a good bit. I am truly afraid of becoming a serial killer, and i can't stress enough how much i know how ridiculous i might sound, but it doesn't change how desperate i am to have this changed. I've been recently put on a regiment of Geodon, Depakote, and Latuda, and all it does is make me sleepy (just the Geodon). My thoughts are not controlled or quelled. My depression is worsening, and I'm always having homicidal and social thoughts. I'm afraid to burn my hit list because it validates my fear of myself (otherwise, i sound like some kid screaming for attention), but I'm afraid to tell my therapist because i could be arrested. I don't want to ever go back to jail.Some advice? Please?