Hi SZ. I like most of you all are looking for answers. Or a lead for some helpful knowledge to attain a better goal oriented mind set. I got much advice and many tips through your self experience. And I appreciate that.I just woke up started coffee thought it was 5:00am. Only to look at the clock and it's only 2:00am.I guess I'm up for the day!Feeling good and having no idea to earn money is not well.Being on SSI and being able to earn money is good, but it's not work.I always write a journal about how I handled my symptoms that day.I look back upon it and realize where I'm at developing mentally and physically.I exclude bad behaviors for instance.And the next day is never like the day before it.Speaking in terms of managing your body.Just to know how that functions, heart rate, breathing (with the belly), hormones, all the things we perceive and need for survival.How medication works and how people and animals respond to your physiological state.You also respond to them in a way that pertains to excite neurotransmitters for instance.When it's time to take meds perhaps we feel nervous then afterward alleviated.That's all I know. I'm sorry I could have been more explanatory. This is where I'm at paying more attention to my physiological self, and less wasted breath. Why? Because have you ever had a hard time explaining something to someone and you just ran out of breath talking? Prevention is key. Spoken language I find to be just a icing. However as one helpful member put it the it's our ANS or autonomic nervous system.When we are focused on ourselves in a manner that we govern all responses through our body. Then we are protected by any infringement from abusers both mentally and physically. They will try to gaslight you, deny your memory as you explain, well no need to explain. The ANS handles that, and the better we handle our ANS the more masterful we become in creating in our whole surroundings and environment a situation that is nice for us. Thank you that is all I know. Have a blessed day to everybody!