*TW* Schizoaffective Bipolar type *TW*I have alwaysfelt a little off. I would see dead people but I always just pushed it away as my imagination. I was always the smart kid and athlete but I had trouble committing to things I was so scared to try new stuff. I quit baseball and dropped out of college I just couldn't get over the voices telling me I would fail and Noone loves a failure. Then my grandpa died and we were really close he was a father figure to me. I was devastated I lost touch with everything and just gave in to depression. I wanted to kill myself but I couldn't do it and snapped myself out of it and I was better for about 2 years. I met and fell in love with a wonderful woman who I married. That was in 2011. July 2014 and I was 24 at the time, her grandma died who was living with us and it was the only grandma I ever knew and I snapped completely I started seeing dead people hearing them talking to me and other voices talking to me telling me to kill myself. I didn't know what to do so I told my wife and she took me to the hospital and they diagnosed me with schizoaffective disorder bipolar type. once they told me what it was it all made sense with what all happened to me as a kid (being raped and molested and abused). I wax put on 20 different medicines but nothing helped. The paranoia got worse and I started yelling and accusing my wife of cheating on me every day until I took a handful of pills and my wife saw me and rushed me to the hospital. I stayed for 17 days and they just doped me on multiple pills I was a zombie and I hated it so I left. I came home and nothing changed I was still very paronoied and the abuse I put on my wife was still there I couldn't sleep I was afraid she was cheating so I stayed up and watched her. January of the following year we split up she couldn't handle it anymore. I moved back home and got on the invega shot and it helped so much. I told my wife how well I was doing and we decided to give it another try. I moved back and thought I was better so I said I didn't need go to the doctor anymore. I survived about 6 months until it started again but I was too afraid to tell anyone especially my wife so I faked it for another 6 months. But now it is getting too much again I heard my phone talking to me and it was off idk what to think. I hear voices and see things that aren't really there I know because I ask my wife and aunt. I have recently seen blood seeping out of the tv screen. I am not on medicine because we don't have insurance and I'm so worried. I don't know what to do. I'm sorry if this is confusing but I'm not in a good state right now.