That moment when you realize that you've been doing something out of the ordinary for so long, and suddenly truth comes out as a shock to you... That moment was yesterday for me. I will start this thread as a story because it is the way I write, and I can't do it in any other way. I was diagnosed with A.D.D. when I was a child, and everyone knew about this, but it never passed through my mind that it could be related to some other disorder. I thought it was normal, and so did everyone else... until I accidentally said "shut up!" in class, while sitting next to a friend. He looked at me stunned, so, thinking it was normal, I told him I was just saying it to the voice in my head. Long story short... it is not as normal as I thought. When I was a boy, I was constantly having "nightmares" when I was awake... which is pretty weird. After this happened, I always had a light nervous attack; as I grew up I grew accustomed and found out how to deal with them on my own. As years passed, I started having them less, until it never happened again. (My parents dont know about this, they think it only happened once or twice when I was a child. Probably dont even remember.) Then, since about age 12-14 (i think), I started holding conversations with myself. Of course, I thought it was normal, considering that having day nightmares was the weird in my life. It is a single voice, but as I grew up it started developing more and more, it started become more intellectual, until it was even more knowledgeable than me (in a "choice of words" and "way of speaking" kind of way). The voice is similar to my own, but not the same. I am a native Spanish speaker, the voice almost always speaks to me in fluent English, even though my accent sucks. Speaking with "the voice", as I call it, is like how I imagine speaking with freaking Stephen King or Edgar Allan Poe might be; even though speaking with me in reality is like speaking with an awkward airhead... Ive grown dependent on this voice. I feel like he is my best friend. I can tell him my most intimate secrets, get advice from him, and even entertain myself. The reason I am now concerned, is because it is happening more often. I can't speak to the voice whenever I want to... it just happens. It can happen anywhere. I can be at school, and BOOM! I start writing a poem in my head, then I (the actual me) criticize it, or the voice can start battling with my own thoughts, starts commenting on the outside world, on how lucky I am, or how I live in disgrace; the voice gives me hope, or takes it away, it makes me feel happy, or makes me feel sad. It is controlling my life, and it is the reason why I haven't been able to concentrate for the entire course of high school! But at the same time, it is the reason for my creativity, the reason why I have won creative, and essay writing awards, and surprised my entire school. I feel an attachment to it, but now the "episodes" happen more often than usual, and I need to control my mind eventually, but by the time I notice that the voice in my head has been speaking nonstop for 15 mins, it is already too late to understand what is happening in class. My teachers "hate" repeating themselves, and I don't want to ask my dad for tutoring since im about to graduate and leave for the US... My grades are suffering so much. I want to know if I have a disorder, or if this is normal for everyone. If this is normal, how do I control it? PS: I dont know when the voice is talking. I usually find out after a while, and thats when the real me comes in and I "bump" with reality. For more info: -Things that may have affected me are my parents breakup when I was 8. -My dad constantly bringing weird females into the house. -I was always left alone all day, since my dad had to work. -Even though my siblings moved back into the house when I turned 16, I still hear the voice and it is even worse than before. -The voice is not someone else's, it is just some sort of "very intellectual" me. Sorry for the long post... PSS: My grandma told me not to tell anybody, because they will think im crazy and will tell other people, and that I should convince my friends that I was just joking at school when I said that.