Êanyone ever have these types of things happen to them?( this was taken from a comment i posted in my other tread "i am in a dream world (nightmare)"Êi am in a dream world (nightmare)Ê)hi sorry this is tread is freakin me out a bit.Êso i have a question. when i was a teen, 15, i used to do a lot of psychedelics. anyway before that i was shy and lonely but felt pretty average and normal. the first time i did the Acid, i remember the sky opening up and voices saying to me "your family will be ok"Êi tripped on acid many times after that and don't remember most of it but certain things stood out. one time we were all trying to get into another realm, and i was not allowed in. another trip was about this girl in line at mc donalds who talked to my mind and said "you don't even have anything interesting that you are thinking about" ever since that trip, people can now read my mind and i don't know how or why. no one will be upfront with me about this. do you know why?Êanother trip was about a bunch of molecules that were connected and they each had faces and held hands and could read my mind. (voices are saying "thank you" implying that i am right) i did not however begin to hear things that weren't there until recently after trying to become a christian. i hallucinated jesus and the devil fighting in my room. and have seen beings of light fly around in my back yard. and also have seen dancing lights in the night sky. i should have shown someone but i was too caught up in what was happening to think of that at the time. but those dancing light didn't make sense as an earthy device or any sort.anyway another thing i have went through recently was that my body was being taken over by many different souls including my sister's soul and they were trying to hide my soul from me for some reason. they were all trying to twist my arm around because i did not believe in god.Êa few weeks later i got my elbo broken by a cop who was picking me up for an outburst do to the many hallucination i was experiencing. voices said "get out of there" so i ran but towards the cop and he twisted my arm so hard it fractured my elbo. i had to wear a cast but my arm felt twisted inside of the cast.. so i eventually took it off. it feels much better now.(right now i am feeling choking sensations)Êit is very scary but sometimes the voices are also nice to me. but i have to be very careful, because if they feel i am a bad person. or a damaged soul they will punish me for this.someone is touching my back right now. i heard his mouth make a sound (it was a breathing type of sound not talking) then a few seconds later i felt a hand on my lower back. these types of symptoms are also new. they run fingers through my hair etc.are they ghosts? angels? one time about 10+ years ago i did see something one time. i had overdosed on meds and tried to kill myself ((btw i just became extremely light headed. i wonder if i am sick or something got a brain scan recently but didn't stay in the hospital due to voices so i don't know what became of it.)) anyway that time 10 years ago was the first time i ever hallucinated. i woke up from a dream that i was drowning in a lake. i woke up very thirsty, and as i opened my eyes, i saw a see through dark skinned male with light blue eyes staring down at me. he had a very stern look on his face. i got out of bed to get water, and when i got back i was so scared i had to put the blankets over my head so i couldn't see in order to fall back to sleep again i was about 19 at the time.