Excedrine Migrane pills may temporary relieve symptoms. I take them occasionaly. It's very important that you don't get addicted to them. Addiction to excedrine is extrememly painfull when withdrawaling so it's imperitive to not take them every day. But if you want a sliver of hope you can try it and see. It's important that you don't overdose or use for an extended period of time or they will damage your liver and stomach lining. Also do not mix alcohol with asitometaphine because they are both blood thinners.I take 2 excedrine Migraines occasionally and it really is a nice brief repose from schizophrenia. Unfortunatly, it cannot be used long term. Migraine pills work the best because they are the strongest of their nature. Name brand is important too.this helps because the anti inflamitory aspect of these pills causes the lesions (scar tissue from brain damage) on your brain to deflate and thus stop pushing against the healthy part of your brain.Do not get addicted. The widthdrawl symptoms are severe.This is my personal opinion and is in no way professional and you can try this at your own risk. There's really no point though since it cannot be used long term anyway but just if you wanted to see something new for kicks.My life was destroyed when my dad had a stroke my junior year of high school. He was and is now confined to a wheele chair. So thus we lost our beautiful big house in the suburbs on an acre of woods. I lost all my friends, my gf, etc because family life got so destroyed. I was changing dads feed bag and wiping his butt, etc. at age 16. This is bad enough. But then we've been moving to apartment to apartment since then and we've all been at each others throats since then. My moms always depressed and crying... She started drinking for a while. In the mean time I tried to go to college. Guess what no money. I took out loans at a rediculous interest rate and I somehow survived college even with all the family problems at home. I've had no friends or gf this whole past 8 years. And now I'm poor and out of work again and bills are acrueing to turn me into a slave if I ever decide to work again... And I did start working at age 15 washing dishes.. Nd I been off and on with minimum wage work. To top it all off the devil just cums on my face and I have schizophrenia. This is my story. I'm 25 now and live with my parents in a crappy little condo and I'm in 5 digits of debt.... I have since just given up.... I just can't hold on to my dreams anymore... Nd I'm getting rdy to break and apply for public assistance and resign to the gallows of being a failure. Nd of course plenty of bitter betrayal and hospitalizations and all that fun stuff imbetween.@mortimermouse I tagged you in this... Because I hope I inspire you to keep going. Sz isn't so bad if your life isn't screwed. U lucky kid.To everyone else, sympathy would be nice. U kno cause ain't no one love u when you're like this.Ps I'm not suicidal... So don't worry... Just disappointed. I see normal ppl like "oh my boss was mean to me today". Yeah well.... Is that a joke? Ha.Nd I'm not really tough at all. I just been kicked too many times.I'm too young for this shit...But yeah... Who cares right...Ok ok ok,So I heard this story of a guy that was an acid dealer. He had a whole sheet of acid hits he was gonna sell in a club. So he put it inside of his sock and started drinking and dancing.Obviously, he got all hot and sweaty. So, lol, the whole sheet of acid got absorbed into his foot that night.The last that I heard about him he thought he was a glass of orange juice and his sister would hold him down on the couch and he would cry and scream, "I'm spilling! I'm spilling!"Suffice to say he never recovered.We never called it schizophrenia back then though... we just called it getting too ?????? up.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Here's another story,I was in the mental hospital and this guy was on literally 900+ mgs of seroquil and like three sleeping meds as well. I could hear him in the middle of the night arguing with the nurses, "I need more sleeping pills I can't sleep give them to me or else."I was like, "Dude, wtf is wrong with you."Hey I read the 12 step recovery post you made and I was going to comment on it before it got locked but I was banned.Ummm... I wanted to comment and say that I found this post extremely valuable. It shows the tedious how's and why's behind your recovery which to me was a help and actual inspiration. Maybe as far to say even hope. Thank you for posting this.You know, since sz varys in degrees and all that..... Simply stating that you are achieving your goals kind of makes your posts almost obtuse and out of touch. However, an actual means to get there is so inspiring! I would implore you to share more of your personal struggles and how you overcome them...... However I understand if you do not want to talk about it and just put it out of your mind.... But if that's the case also you should make it known that you are doing that because that is a way to overcome in and of it self.P.s. saying take your meds doesn't really help IMO. IMO the meds don't really do anything spectacular or praise worthy... They don't really give you your life back.