I had no idea where to put this... Sorry. But please help!by ejlb » Thu May 19, 2011 10:01 am*EDIT* I've made this shorter, hope that helps... :SSo, I'll try and get to the point. When I was 16, we moved to a different town and I was even more down than usual, lost interest in basically everything. So mum took me to the doctor (bypassing the Psych altogether) and this doctor asked me a couple of questions and put me straight onto prozac. Or a similar form. Prozac sent me insane. I had states of mind were I felt I could do anything and wouldn't even remember doing certain things. I took more risks, started smoking and drinking more etc etc. I hated it, I told the doctor, she took me off it. Now, I don't know whether it was the way she took me off it, whether it was just a side effect of Prozac or if it is completely unrelated, but since then I have experienced these states of altered auditory perception. I have actually got no idea what to really call them, and any psychologists I've talked to don't know either. These usually only occur when I'm stressed (but can be random) and involve everything sounding sort of distant and angry... I find it ridiculously hard to concentrate on the task at hand whenever it happens. I associate it with stress because it happened quite a bit during Year 12. Sometimes during Assessment tasks and exams. I'm writing about it today, because at 20 years of age it is occuring more frequently now that I'm at university. I'd really like some opinions as to what this is, whether anyone else has experienced or heard of anything like it. The reason I'm posting on this part of the forums is because a psychologist in 2008 told me that she believed it could be very early symptoms of psychosis. I have no idea if this is true, but I thought it should be my first port of call. I've tried searching everything for years to find something related to these symptoms, and the only post I could find was on Yahoo answers -"It's hard to describe - but all it was is just that if my Mum or Dad would talk normally, and said "Hello" in the other room, it would sound as though they are slightly angry or agitated.I was completely aware that they weren't angry, and it was only slightly noticeable - but also all other sounds would sound abrupt also. Like someone walking or picking up a plate would sound as though they were doing it as if they were annoyed."-Pretty much exactly like what I experience. I'd talk to this person, but their account on Yahoo answers no longer exists.  Recently things have been particularly stressful and I've been experiencing even stranger things where I imagine a voice or sound in my head and can then literally hear it. It's always when I'm on my own, but I feel like if someone were around me they'd have to be able to hear it too. I live by myself in an apartment block which is full of students, so it is always noisy, but I'm often so scared to take a shower because I imagine these vivid images of someone throwing the door open and coming in. I say imagine, but they scare me so much that I ask myself if it didn't actually happen... I don't know if that makes sense or not? I'm sorry.Please help Emma