Troubles with my symptomsby Johnny5 » Fri Apr 17, 2015 6:26 pmI'm currently on 400mg Seroquel, 120 mg Geodon, 300mg Bupropion, and 8 mg a day of Aprazolam. I am still having breakthrough symptoms. One of my coworkers OVER the wall said to another employee, "Are you ok?" but it felt like she was talking directly to me. So much so I wanted to go around the cubicles and tell her NO, I don't feel ok. I feel horrible. This happens very frequently where I think other peoples conversations involve me. Anyone else have this? Also, everyone in the office has been talking about a mystery woman that they see walking down the halls but she's never close enough to see who she is. There were multiple reports from several people. My wife thinks this is a dillusion. One of my voices, Puff, tells me i'm stupid, my kids don't love me, someone wants to kill me, i'm a bad photographer. She also interferes with my speech. I'll be talking and she'll talk while I'm talking and I'll end up saying something she said instead of what I wanted to say. So my sentence comes out pretty jumbled. I've had co-workers say, "What did you say?" Another voice of mine is 42. She has been training me to read minds. If I can't read a mind she'll do it for me but I'm slowly picking it up. It's not my favorite thing though because some ppl's thoughts are disturbing or mean. A vampire I see is named Madeline. My only visual hallucination. She told me to google "madeline vampire" and see what comes up. There are several stories about a vampire named madeline. This makes me think ppl other than me has seen madeline. My psychologist thinks it's irrelevant. She says you can google anything and something will come up. I'm not sure I'm willing to accept that yet. Puff also tells me how I should feel. Like she controls my emotions. She tells me I'm angry at a person when I'm not or that I hate my wife even though I love her. Only during times where i'm really susceptible do I take on the emotion she tells me. Well, that's where i'm at lately. Maybe some of you can share where you're at so I don't feel like the only one who can't get their symptoms under control. Thanks!