I'm really worried, does this sound like schizophrenia?by +milkyway+ » Sun Feb 15, 2015 11:35 amIgnoring the rather hypochondriac title above (in which I am a hypochondriac), take me seriously. I'm really scared.  Ok so I sometimes have these nights where I can't sleep. It really started in around 12 years old. One night, I went to go sleep. I was happy and felt normal. But that night, every time I closed my eyes to try to sleep, a few seconds later, it felt like this man was pulling me down into the darkness of my vision and I panicked and opened my eyes. I couldn't sleep until much later. This episode lasted for 3 nights. Now this year, it happened again one night. I was lying in bed (and awake) and I suddenly realized there was this humming sound inside my head. I paid attention to it and it was this MAN telling me something (I forgot!). It alternated between the man telling me something and this pink swirly box that replayed over and over again like a gif. I could see this in my MIND. Whenever I got up, the images would stop, but as soon as I lay down, they began again. It took alot of willpower to stop the voice. This was really scary.I read that this could just be some sleep hallucination (which I think is not a concern then), but I'm really worried. I can hear music sometimes from like the vibrations in the air conditioner and stuff (but I think this is normal!). Also, one time, when I was around 8 years old I woke up in the morning and I lay in bed and I saw my clothes come out of my closet and dance around my room and and walk towards me to harass me. But then I heard my parents coming towards my room so the clothes went back into the closet and I got up from my bed (I was really scared), but I didn't say anything. I'm not sure if this was a dream or not since the memory is really vivid and I really believed it was real. Also, when I was 8, whenever I lay in bed, awake, in the morning, I would feel this TAP on my shoulder or back and I would turn around and it would be no one but the tapping was a really vivid feeling. Sometimes I would play this game of if the person was going to tap me or not.Ok is it even possible?    ????? Please from your experiences, anyone? PLEASE reply!