Starting Orthomolecular Therapy for SchizophreniaHello. Is anyone here on Orthomolecular therapy? How did you begin?Did you start alone or with the doctor?When you started on Niacin, did you hear more voices in the beginning? Did you just keep going with it and when did it start making a difference?Those are my big questions and below, I've written a small bit of info on why I'm posting this. I have purchased the book, "Orthomolecular treatment for Schizophrenia," by A. Hoffer M.D. I have aura seizures (which is a totally different thing, I understand this) that bring on voices in my head. The voices in my head can stay for long bouts of time or simply just pop up during auras. Sometimes they are present without the aura seizures but get much louder during aura seizures. They can be very EVIL. I have seen doctors and made many trips to the E.R in the past 7yrs. Any medication that was ever given to me made me worse and within a month to a couple months, the doctor would pull my completely off of the medication, where then I suddenly felt healed and much better; only to have it return months down the road. Because of this, I REFUSE to treat this with prescription drugs. Those drugs put me out of work and make my life more of a hell than it already can be, living with this tormenting situation. Dr. A. Hoffer says that many Schizophrenics have acquired it through food allergy, lack of vitamins, ect or even that the disease worsens without us knowing that it is because of these hidden issues in our brain and body. He says that if we can nail down the root cause of the ailment and treat it, the hallucinations can possibly come to a complete stop. I am summarizing in that statement, so do not take it verbatim! I started a gluten free diet last week to assist with the aura seizures and bought the vitamins that Dr. A Hoffer suggests. I am contemplating starting them before I visit the Orthomolecular doctor. Any feedback or information from those who began this is welcomed and appreciated! Thank you.