How accepting are university sports teams to LGBT members?by Moonstruck16There used to be an obvious stigma surrounding homosexuality, bisexuality etc. and university sports. Now I know that things are A LOT better and there are many openly gay professional athletes but how much do you think things have actually changed in terms of university sport?I play hockey for my university and although I don't like labels, I guess I would identify myself as bisexual. Most people at uni, outside of hockey, know about this and know that I am currently strongly crushing on another girl, but nobody on my team knows about my sexuality (as far as I'm aware of). It is just an assumption that everyone is straight (guys and girls). I am not sure why I haven't told them. It's just that nobody ever asks and they know I've got with guys before and I'm not one to make a whole song and dance to anounce it to them.Now of course there is no open discrimination. It is a massive club and everyone is accepted. But there is still, I wouldn't say pressure (there isn't any peer pressure, even surrounding drinking), but expectation that the guys and girls will get together every sportsnight. Of course you will not be castigated if you refuse or it's not your kind of thing but still, to put it frankly, it is all very heterosexual.I don't really know what would happen if I came out. One of the guys is gay and this is well known but the guys team isn't as like 'let's get with all the girls' as the girls team is with 'let's get with all the guys'. I'm guessing a girl could have a different reaction to coming out.What do you guys think? Do you have any of the same experiences with sports teams at your uni? Do I have to/Should I get a job next year?by Moonstruck16So I'll be going into my second year next year and quite a few of my friends are getting jobs. Some already have them.Money-wise, I don't need a job. My parents pay for most things and they don't want me to get a job whilst I'm studying and if I rrally need the cash, I've already discovered my uni's psychology trials (as long as I budget, I actually earn quite a bit from them, believe it or not).So the main reason for getting a job is that all important experience that everyone says that getting a student job will give.Now, while I don't doubt this at all, I'd much rather spend my term time volunteering so I can get experience in lots of different sectors (be that a one-off or long term) and get a job during the summer (internships, part-time etc.). Also it gives me time for societies and to play sport which already takes up so much time. And of course, I can study.If I do all these things, do you think it will be detrimental for me not to get a job during term time at uni? Or will I still be able to get the same kinds of skills and experience from volunteering and such-like?Thanks 