Dont know where to post this... but in desperate need for advice!!by SlowlorisIncognitoOk, first of all I'm new to the forum, although I've lurked around here for many years, I felt compelled to sign up to get some help on my predicament because I have never seen another person with the same problems as me right now.Basically, I'm 25 years old, and i've always done well in school. Everyone assumed that i would be something by now, maybe not a billionaire but at least comfortable like most graduates are. I only expected a simple life.I went from 6th form straight to uni in a math related programme and was getting an average of above 70% for the first two years, all was great and going to plan. Then in my final year, things just fell apart. My mother and father were going insane and I was no longer able to balance work and study. I failed January modules. Then I was in the process of interrupting my studies when my mother... long story short attempted suicide after attempting to murder my father. Thus I abandoned my degree, and never formally completed the programme or process of interrupting. I guess I was immature and over emotional to think rationally about what I was doing to my own future.Fast forward 4 years, I decided to reapply. Though not only have I began doubting my own abilities but the stability of the family situation which has caused me to have some symptoms of depression which is yet to be formally diagnosed. I have a fear that history will repeat itself. I still live with my insane mother who hasn't gotten over events from 4 years ago. She's difficult to be around, gets drunk often, cries and screams at night but refuses therapy. I am often verbally abused.I've been afraid that she would be too distracting for me to focus, and I really do not fancy being a double failure, with more debts and money down the drain. She then assured me that she would support me and behave, she claims she really wants me to do well and many people talked me into taking a second chance to make life better for myself and achieve my full potential. So, i jumped through hoops to get references and apply. I now have two unconditional offers, and I was elated and relieved, and began feeling excited to return. Started studying since mid February, and burned through A level maths, further maths, and started first year maths. For no reason that I can actually understand, my mother began acting up again. She would continually disturb me when I'm in "the zone" studying, complain about irrational things, and picking fights over petty nonsense. She started affecting me emotionally. She was wasting my time.I'm trying hard, to maximize chances of doing well the second time around, and she's hindering my progress. Why, when it was her idea to return in the first place? I'll never know.I finally pointed this out to her, that she is giving me unnecessary stress and ruining my productivity, and I was hoping she would just comply and be more considerate, for at least the next two years while i focused on getting my degree. In other words - stop being so annoying, please? lol. But no. She became defensive, manipulative, and threw tantrums every day for a week non stop, and deprived me of sleep for a record of 84 hours. I finally broke. I vowed I was moving out, and I just didn't care anymore. I no longer want to be in this house with her, being her emotional torture monkey like I have been for the past 4 years. You live in an asylum long enough, you'll end up just as crazy. She oscillated, from aggressor, to playing victim, to guilt tripping about how everyone abandons her, and how I'm ungrateful etc. The same speech that kept me here under her thumb, for 4 years. But I was done. Over it. I am now looking for places to rent. I'm actually excited that I can finally START my life as an independent adult. But I'm a little worried now, about finances, and also my mental state. She hasn't stopped harassing me since I announced I was leaving the nest. And since I'm starting in year two, I'm worried that I won't have as much study time as I originally planned to prepare me for September because of the moving arrangements.She could kick me out tonight, with the irrational moodswings she has.I've had to change my phone number to avoid her.Right now, I'm in the local library just to get some peace and quiet. I've been on the waiting list for counselling since 4 weeks ago, and I've booked a doctor for next month to maybe get some antidepressants.I have no friends or family that can help me practically with a place to stay, or emotional support but I'm ok. I've always got by on my own. I'll just work harder when I've arranged a home. I can budget very well, and I've calculated that I should be financially stable for a while.But here in lies the real issue here:Should I risk accepting my entry for this year into year two, unprepared?Or just reapply again next year and hope for the best? what would you do?I also have some complications due to me being out of formal education for 5 years by the time 2016 comes along, I have no idea what that would mean....I don't want to lose this opportunity, and I'm worried I'll never be able to get this degree through circumstances beyond my control which seems unfair (as is most things in life). Should I just give up on my dreams of being a graduate?Please advise, anyone!