Rare Condition - Really Strugglingby DocWho49Hi,I have a rare condition called galactosemia. This affects my brain and brings about learning difficulties. I got told I wouldn't make it into high school,mum at university and I've hit my limit. It's not anyone's fault, but there's nothing I can do when I cannot cope with university because of the condition.Because it's rare, people at uni haven't heard about it, but it's really genuinely hitting me now and I can't do the work. I just don't get anything is being taught I'm so behind everyone else. I have been studying Java over a yearvatbuninand I don't understand a word of it. The condition affects the logic and maths part of my brain, nothing else. Is tidy computing and can't understand code. In the first year our programming coursework was teamwork. I did nothing and got 70% despite going up to my lecturer saying I've done none of it please could I be marked for what I do.So now I am really struggling. I've failed a lot of modules this year, no chance on passing at all, it really is so difficult. It makes me so stressed and sad. I last semester I almost broke down, I was so stressed, so upset that the theory wasn't going in at all. The teacher telling us how computer graphics work everyone else doing the programming and me just sat there not understanding.I have told them all about this, they don't understand that I just can't do it, they think I'm over acting when I say that, but the fact is, I just can't. The part of the brain that deals with that doesn't work well at all, definitely not at university level.I know I will get people thinking, "why did you take computing?" Well, it was because I took a gap year because I didn't know what I wanted to do. I didn't know what to do when it was coming to the end of that year so I went to university to study computing because I love computers.Last year at uni was teh entry year sort of. It didn't count and it was very entry level. I'm not academic and this year has proved my limits. I will fail this year and I don't know what to do.