 I have no idea what I want to do in life and am having a bit of a crisis!by Usernamer555So I took my A-levels last year in Biology, Chemistry and Drama and Theatre Studies, and (completely unexpectedly) achieved A*A*A (the A being in Chemistry). This year I'm taking A-level maths (took it up at the end of AS year), and am predicted an A* (whether I'll get that, I'm not sure!). I applied to study Chemistry at Oxford, Durham, St Andrews, Nottingham and York. I got an offer for everywhere except Oxford, and have just accepted an unconditional at St Andrews. Here's the thing:I originally accepted Durham as first choice (need an A in maths), and St Andy's as insurance. I then got upset, as I wasn't sure it was the place for me and I was worried that I subconsciously chose it so that I was closer in proximity to boyfriend. I rang up UCAS and changed St Andrew's to being my first choice, which is final and I can't go back on it. I've been panicking all of yesterday, last night when I was trying to sleep, and today. I'm worried that I've ruined the chance of possibly getting a great job (going to Durham) with going to St Andrews. And now I'm not even sure if I want to do chemistry. I love biology, so I've been thinking about biochem, straight biology, or medicine. It would be amazing being a doctor (finding out loads about the human body and being able to use that knowledge in such a crucial way)- but I've heard the work load and working hours are crazy. I literally have no idea what to do, I basically feel sick and can't shake this panicky feeling. I've had random bursts of little tears, but nothing substantial. I was thinking of taking ANOTHER gap year to decide, but that's another year gone, and it might harm my chances of getting in somewhere (especially if I want to do medicine). I'm doing maths past papers, and getting some really high percentages, (except on Decision maths grrrrr.!!), which makes me think about my potential. Someone at the oxford interview, when I said I was thinking about being a teacher, said to me that- if I'm someone that's capable of getting A*s- I should use that ability to really contribute to the world. I've been thinking about that. I've also (annoyingly) been thinking about what sort of jobs earn a good wage. I seriously DON'T want this to be a priority in my head, as I'd rather do something I enjoy that pays enough for me to have roof over my head, rather than an uninteresting office job that pays big bucks. Ugh I'm so confused. I kept waking my boyfriend up last night and getting him to tell me that St Andrews is a great university (which means I'm staying at my own house tonight, as he's also doing exams and needs sleep). What do I do? I can't function- I keep looking up random jobs and feeling like crying. What do you think, fabulous people of the SR?