A few questions regarding university life for a EU studentby YeezyRibbonSo I've received feasible offers from the unis I wanted (Manchester, Liverpool) for a foundation year in Computer Science.I'm from Spain and I've been dreaming of studying abroad for a long time. Now that my two preferred choices have made me an offer and it looks like I won't have problems to meet the grades requested, there are a couple of questions I have, mostly about financial costs.I'll have to live on a very tight budget since my parents are not rich, I haven't worked yet and I can only apply to the tuition fee loan and not the maintenance one because I'm not an UK student. Because of that I decided to apply to universities in cities with a "cheap" reputation for students.My understanding is that Manchester is very cheap for students (although I'd prefer Liverpool), so there's where I made my research. I've found cheap accommodation in "ManchesterStudentHomes" for 80 pounds / week with bills included in the Fallowfield Area. At first I thought of applying to uni accommodation but it wouldn't be as cheap as renting a home. I think I can walk up to 20 minutes to the university campus (or buy a bike) and so save some money that otherwise would have gone to a bus pass. * Is my information correct?* Do cheaper accommodation options exist?* How can I go about finding people to share the house with?* How many travels would I have to do to England? (and when?)* Should I already be talking to landlords?Mi current plan is to rent a house for the duration of the foundation year and if I manage to work and save some money, hopefully get a place in uni accommodation on the first year of the degree. Then on the 2nd and 3rd year rent a house again. I'd travel back to Spain during summer and try to find summer work there.I also plan on working part-time during university. The problem here is that 1) I will arrive to England being underage and I won't turn 18 until (very) late December and 2) I won't be a native speaker. I'll work in Spain during this summer to acquire experience, but the two reasons above won't help me to find a job. * Will I really struggle to find a job?* Where and when to look for a part-time job?* How much can I get paid?* Where can my Spanish and Catalan be useful?Acording to the Internartional guide the Liverpool uni sent me, the minimum wage is 5.13 pounds / hour. As a 18 year old working 15 hours per week, I could make 77 pounds per week or 308 pounds per month.Now, in the same guide there's a section dedicated to the Living Costs that estimates a montly living cost of 557 pounds for a guy in a self-catered, university, on campus accomodation with even a gym membership. Working out £80/week on accommodation at walking distance of the uni campus and £30/week on food (staying in the safe side):* Essentials: £80 + £30 = £110/week > £440/month.* Budget: £510/month (from my parents)I would have £70/month for other expenses, like mobile, gym and going out, in that priority. Though once I start working these budget won't be so tight. By the way, here in Spain we don't use books in university, everybody just takes notes in a notebook / laptop (I will probably buy a cheap chromebook to access internet and write in Google Docs), so I don't understand the "study costs" everyone is talking about. Are books compulsory? And what about "photocopying"? Is it really necessary? It would be very helpful for me if you could leave a reply, even if only confirms what I've said. Thank you for reading all of this!