Third year helpby PeteLanceleyHi guys,Well, this year isn't going too well for me. I'm currently in my third year at Sheffield Hallam.Second year went pretty well - finishing on 67% average. Although this year, I've had a few issues. Bear in mind, I'm not the type of person to go down the route of asking the uni for help, or extra time. I thought I'd be fine handing in my project on time & fine.My project was due in on the 1st of April, where I had some issues submitting it. I finished all the main body, but didn't have time to add my appendix, sort the page layout out, table of figures etc prior to the electronic submission (TurnItIn).Another module this year, I was put with two people who are terrible at a particular module, but we had to work together, to which I think I've got a terrible grade from this module and I've got to make up for it by doing really well on an assignment & exam.Only problem is, I feel like I'm going down a downwards spriral now, and all my issues and miss-judgement of time is going to affect my overall degree. I was on course for a 2:1, and now I just feel that I finish with a 2:2 all the time and effort put into this course is going to be meaningless. I've tried to talk to family and friends but they don't understand.Also, a lot of changes have been made to my course, all modules are new this year, teachers don't know what they're doing, my project supervisor was poor. All things like this. Annoying.I don't know what route to go down now, I still want to finish on a 2:1 but I don't know how I can do this now.Dissertation Dilemmaby PeteLanceleySo today was the electronic hand-in for my dissertation through Turnitin..Only problem was, actually finishing completely... Originally I had a schedule to do an all nighter in order to ensure that it was perfect. Until, a person I really needed to interview in order to make my report really solid responded, and was willing to answer some questions over a Q&A, bare in mind this was at 2am.So here's me with a big schedule of things to do, things to change etc.. and on top of that I had analyse another interview on top. I had to basically rush everything, it got to 3pm (4pm deadline). Finally got all my content done, and now had to start on the critical reflection. This turned out the be the worst garbage I've ever wrote in my life.I managed to get all the main body into the dissertation, it's just that my layout is poor. I never completed table of figures, added an appendix, didn't even have the time to complete the abstract because I was so short of time.You can say it's my own fault - because it probably is. But I did conduct two and analyse two Interviews, created two questionnaires with over 100 responses on each and endless pages of references. Plus I probably bit off more than I could chew for my project,The dilemma is: as I haven't added any content to the appendix, my table of figures are incomplete, the numbering and page layout is a bit poor, and there is no abstract in the actual report. Should I now go on to add these things, make it look presentable and cut all losses? Because obviously they expect the printout to be the same as the hand-in. It's just annoying because I have all the files saved ready to put in the appendix, but I don't know whether I should or not..