I have not attended 95% of my lectures during University, ask me anything. (Pgs: 1 2)by kibbiumThe reason I am making this thread is because I would like others to avoid the mistakes I have made and I would also like to gain some perspective on myself. I am definitely not making this thread because I am proud. I'm in my first year studying social science degree at a top 10 uni. The first couple of months went swell, I attended most if not all my lectures and was having a good social life, speaking a lot with girls, etc. I'd say it fell apart during November last year, started getting symptoms of social anxiety and depression, which gradually got worse during the year. Generally dropped out all of my societies, stopped going to the gym and ceased to socialize with people.At this point in time, I have not attended a single lecture since November 2014. I make it to about 1/3 my seminars, which has recorded attendance.I learn exclusively all the material generally through my books and online material such as YouTube. I generally do not read through the lecture slides because they're too brief for me to understand. As of current, I have an average of 55% over all my modules, however I have a gut feeling that I won't make it to the 40% threshold needed to go onto the second year. I have been receiving emails from the University but I just generally ignored them until I they made me attend a meeting, in which I explained my situation.Looking at it objectively, I rationalize my poor attendance everyday and convince myself not to go. It is a vicious cycle, I do not go to lectures because I feel like I've made no friends on the course. I do not have friends on the course because I do not go to the lectures. At the lowest point, I could not even go to the kitchen to cook and I generally just stayed in my room 24/7. To tell you how bad it had gotten, I planned my online groceries so that I had non perishable foods that could last me through a week without going to the kitchen. I would never make any noise in my room for fear of flat mates knowing I was in my room. Every term I would tell myself that I would improve myself, it just never happened. To make matters worse, instead of opting to share a house with some mates, I convinced myself to sign a contract for a studio accommodation so that I could live by myself in peace, however I cannot afford it. I am going back in 3 weeks, quite honestly I am extremely scared to go back. If I could go back in time, would I still go to University? Definitely not. I definitely believe I am not cut out for it, I got by during A-levels, but I'd be lucky to graduate with a third if I'm honest. So there you have it. Ask me anything or give me any advice you want.