Feeling an odd sense of guilt about attending an ex poly. (Pgs: 1 2)by DiosdemorteIt might look suspicious but i'm not a troll.I've firmed a place at an ex poly which is mid league table this forthcoming September. I feel like this is a questionable act for many, especially in an age where a degree means nothing, unless it's in a lucrative area,I don't mean to create excuses for my failures but my circumstances were not the best.I grew up in a single parent family where my mum raised 5 of us, myself being the youngest. I attended an atrocious comprehensive in a wartorn area of south london, came out with 3 As, 7Bs, the As being in pretty easy subjects. Most of my peers came out with a load of Cs and Ds, failing English and Math GCSE was quite a common prospect. The only ones who did well for themselves where some few Indians, victimised geniuses or those from families with enough knowledge of the educational system to set them in good stead. Myself having none of the former qualities, but I was noted as gifted and talented (what they called pupils with a future in my school ) from a young age.I then went on to attend a college an hour and a half away, partially to escape the bullying I encountered and also to grow as a person. This was a big mistake. The teaching standards at this place where even worse then my previous school. In AS I got CCDE, in second year I managed to push this up the two Cs and E to BBC but couldn't afford to retake all my as exams (I'd been working throughout my entire college life, the only way I was able to afford to have a social life). Again, the odd genuis managed to do well in the college, some attending some of the top 10 institutions in the UK. But most left with a bundle of Bs and Cs. Even some who had been previously private schooled are now in ex polys.Now I could have worked in retail in some attempt to land myself a dead end job as a overworked underpaid manager, I could have done an apprenticeship in something I was unsure of or I could have became a drug dealer like some I know. But I chose to go to a crap uni, studying a vocational subject (not stem mind you) in the hopes that I might be able to make something of myself there. Is this a bad choice ?On TSR and even in the media these days there is rampant elitism about how half the unis in the UK aren't even worth attending, cost the tax payer money etc. I feel like this decision might haunt me for the rest of my days, when I meet people who attend LSE, UCL, Imperial and so forth in clubs and bars; I feel a massive sense of shame and wish I could have done better for myself, half of them don't even seem that smart tbh.Has anyone from an Ex Poly done well for themselves here ?