 Academic Misconduct Hearingby Pandora..Basically I got an email this morning about an Academic Misconduct Hearing, for colluding, that I have to attend on the 7th, unfortunately this is the day before my exam. As if i'm not stressed enough! Anyway, heres what happened:Upon writing my report, I hadn't attended barely any lectures or seminars, as I had been struggling with severe back pain, this was causing me inability to move, never mind get to my lectures/seminars. This also meant when writing my report, I had NO idea what to even write about! Luckily my friend was willing to help me with what we had learnt and let me look at his report for help. Like an idiot I was so stressed about getting it right whilst also still being so confused as to what to do, I wrote paragraphs based on what he had told me to write about, and what our tutor had told him to include. I wrote all of this into my report and used the words I could see best fit for my report to try and not copy. However, that didn't happen on all cases, as I mistakenly used words that he had.Now I've just received the letter and it comes with what looks to be colluded and similar. Upon reading it, I realised how similar they actually are! I have been on the phone to student support all morning in tears, and she told me I shouldn't worry about it too much as if I'm as honest with the person in the hearing as I was with her, they are likely to take sympathy. However, I'm worried if they don't, and I'm more worried that my friend will get in trouble for it. He tried to help me and I royally ****ed up, and I don't want him to get into trouble for my idiocy. The woman from student support told me she will talk to there person holding the hearing to explain the situation and how honest I have been, in regards to admitting total fault over the whole thing. She also said that because my medical history whilst being at uni is on record and I also had an extension on this report, that I should be okay as they can see I was struggling. Anyone had a hearing of this sort and know what the consequences are? What should I expect from the hearing?Im really worried about this now.Thanks