First year bluesby Khay95Is Uni really worth it?Coming to the end of my first year studying International Business I can't really say so, for near enough £9,000 its quite a joke.To start with lectures are almost always pointless, the essays and assignments are and have been unrelated to the topics we study in class, furthermore it seems like we're given group activities in seminars just to occupy the class for 2 hours.Don't get me wrong, social wise Uni is great, making friends with people from China, Japan, Kenya, Poland, Nigeria, Vietnam as well as other areas across the UK is sweet, you wouldn't really get that opportunity elsewhere. It just feels like I've received nothing back, we're sold this idea of 'independence, freedom and growing up' but really if you don't move out (which you can do without Uni) you don't really experience any of that, sure your growing up and everything but I'm pretty sure thats just a natural phase of life.I aren't tryna paint a negative picture of Uni for anyone interested in going, its just cost wise it is SUCH a pain, yeah I understand access to facilities is part of the perks, and the staff need to be paid, but for £9k a year, smdh. We're also sold the idea that 'you don't have to pay it back if your not earning over 21k, now no offence to anyone that is but how patronizing and stupid is that comment, the whole idea of going to Uni is the assumption that you'll land a 'better paying job' so your almost guaranteed to pay it back providing you achieve what ever it is you want to. Also I get that its in small monthly payments over 20+ years or whatever, but fk me, I'd rather spend the £30,000 on a school for kids in a deprived country, or dozens of water wells, not for my individual education, the cost side is such a damn joke. Now this is all after reflection on this first year, I've made some good mates and mostly hang around with the ones from way back in high school (ya ride or die friends) who're at the same Uni.I guess I'm posting this to see if anyone is or has thought similar, the UK isn't really a thriving country anymore, its pretty easy to see its all a 'plot' to get more people into apprenticeships, since they're being advertised and encouraged by the govt. so much now, to ensure British people work for British companies, and imo I'd probably feel allot better studying abroad for allot less tuition fees, and a whole country of new people to meet and get to know.Allot of the people I know in the year below myself are considering full time jobs & apprenticeship schemes with starting salaries of £21k, which is great, so goodluck to them & anyone else considering it.this post is too long, off to eat some honey-nut shreddies and watch Interstellar, peace