Disgusting roommate problems: what do I do?by mebemauriceSeptember, 2014 -- me and my cousin decide to get a shared accommodation with two other people. We all move in and everything is cool, everybody is getting along. It's me, my cousin (male), another guy and a girl.I'm a guy, and yes, I'm a clean-freak. I like coming home from uni knowing that the house is clean and that there's no mess or whatever. I start noticing that this girl, 24, is starting to get really messy. She leaves her pots and plates in the sink for up to a week before she washes them, when she makes food, she usually splatters all over the place and won't bother cleaning it. For months, I was considerate enough to clean it for her, until last month when she took it a whole new place by leaving her dirty tampons all over the bathroom floor. Sometimes even on the toilet and in the actual bath. I did a fridge clean out and found stuff that had expired months ago, hiding behind the bottles of drinks she had bought. It was all green and everything. I then did a cupboard check to see if she had anything else that had gone off, and whaddaya know? Of course. In her cupboard, I noticed some crawly worms or something, so I went shopping for disinfection products and cleaned all the cupboards, the floor, the tables... basically everything. After this incident, I stopped cleaning the house. Not just because of the tampon issue and the moldy situation, but she tends to constantly make a mess every time I've cleaned the house. On numerous occasions, once I've cleaned the house, she would go downstairs, pour HALF A CUP of oil into the pan and mak her bacon. The amount of splatter from that pan was unbelievable. Just no common sense, really. And it's crazy because even after all of her antics, I was still talking to her and making conversation. Just because I didn't want to set a weird atmosphere in the house. After all, she's my roommate. I would give her my memory stick filled with new movies, etc. I'm just that kind of dude -- always trying to overlook the bad side.The other roommate is only here 2 days a week so that's not really an issue at all, but this one girl... she is so dirty. I almost want to cry for her, it's so sickening. So here comes the typical story you hear from everybody else: she's just gotten into this new romance back in January with this guy, and I didn't mind him. He seemed fairly cool at first. But then he would show his face more and more and more. Now, he is officially living in our apartment and it's non-stop arguing, non-stop intercourse, non-stop mess. Non-stop everything. And, of course, our housing bills have increased because of it. I'm annoyed. I understand that my contract for this apartment ends in two months, but it's unbearable. She's aware that I haven't cleaned her pubic hair from the toilet, or the poo stains her "beau" leaves when he takes a dump. She's aware that the bath is stained and looks drastically brown, she's aware that the 8 bin bags that are lining up in our kitchen are beginning to smell extremely bad.But, I've managed to overlook all of these things, because I'm just tired of toleration this nonsense. Yesterday she complained to her boyfriend why the bin bags hadn't been taken out, subliminally referring to me because she knows that my cousin and the other guy are both on Easter holiday breaks, back at their homes. Isn't that crazy?It's almost 11, and her plates from 6 days ago are still downstairs. Note, she's using my plates and my pots to make her food. Also, I've addressed her messiness to her face time and time again, but she claims she's so busy that she can't always take care of it, which makes no sense because most of the day, she's at home. Because of the complaint she made last night on how I hadn't taken out the trash for today's collection by the bin men, I threw a couple of frozen vegetables in the bin bags to really stink up the place. Anybody knows that once vegetables turn bad, they smell like crazy. Her boyfriend isn't that clean, but he can't bear the smell and will end up taking the trash out himself.I know it's ridiculous, but it's what I gotta do. This experience has really been a wild one. I'm 19, and this girl is 24. I was cleaning twice a week, cooking, heading to the gym three times a week, taking care of school (finishing with high 2.1 second year), and managing a job. There's no excuse to be so messy that you are attracting insects.What are some appropriate actions I can take from this point onwards? Should I contact the landlord about this?