Should I stay at uni?by lborostudent93I'm in the 3rd and final year of my undergrad Elec Eng course at Loughborough Uni. My project(worth 30 credits overall) is due in a couple of weeks. I've had issues with it from the start and its extremely likely that it won't be possible to complete it within the time or even have enough to write the report about that would give me a passing grade. I've been totally disinterested with my course since the beginning of second year and have no intentions becoming an electrical engineer post-uni.It is just that if I do fail this project it makes all my work from all my other modules count for nothing since I can only drop a maximum of 20 credits.All I want to know is how important would it be having/not having a degree in an unrelated field when looking for a job. I'm currently interested in pursuing a career in some sort of sales position since I feel it better suits my skill-set.My options as I see them:- Work my ass off, by some miracle pass with a 2:2 or most likely a third. Find a job.- Work my ass off and fail. Move on and find a job.- Drop out, find a job.- Or, retake the year. Add another ridiculous amount onto my total debt in the hopes that I do better and come out with a half decent degree in a subject I never want to do.I understand that the most obvious choice is probably to try regardless of weather I pass or fail (I'm thinking there's about a 90% chance I fail), but I hate the course so much and am only doing it because I'd already started it. I don't see the point of revising for all of my exams (have all in the summer, no Christmas exams) and then finding out that I'd already failed my project so all the effort was for nothing.Would my GCSE's + A levels be enough to get a decent enough job?(A's in English and maths and 10 B's in other subjects, ABC in A levels)How important is having a degree if it has nothing to do with the job that you're applying for?Sorry if this post is a bit all over the place and difficult to follow, I'm just so stuck on what I should do. I'm looking for any advice you can give,Thanks,