Likely to fail final year, potential courses of action?by KiloJamHi all,I'm currently doing an Economics degree in a small town university in southern UK, with scarce work opportunities nearby, and London being too far to commute to.For a number of reasons, despite getting a 1st in my first year, I barely got a 2.2 in my second year (due to university's grading policy, it could have been a 3rd, if the coursework mark was taken in account instead of 100% exam mark). This has prevented me from securing any relevant work experience up to this year.In my third year, I went on a year abroad, spent at a strong university with a higher workload. My converted grade amounted to 55. However, I was also in the red money-wise. My performance over these two years closed the doors to any postgraduate education until I get my final results.I spent a larger part of my final year more focused on getting myself back on track financially, which I've succeeded in. I have also benefited a lot from work experience. However, in the process, I have neglected my studies and now am working hard to get my final year project done (already lost 30% of the mark due to failing to submit a draft).Intermission was not an option, as my work was campus-based and I did not want to lose that position. I made new contacts and learned a lot in my field.I'm working hard to get through. However, I consider it a distinct possibility that my final year project may cost me my degree (I need to score 58, and I doubt that will happen).In case I fail the degree, I am considering going back to my study abroad institution and doing a bachelor course again. Mind you, I had very good high school grades, and am very much into the subject. Tuition costs are much lower, and it is easier for me to find a job locally, as I now speak the language. Plus, it is in a big city, and the university has good connections with the industries.The issues I have with the above plan are:- I'm literally writing off 4 years of my life.- Will I be able to hide the above fact from potential employers and avoid disclosing my age?- Given how "good" I was at combining work and studies so far, I am not sure I won't slide back into "all work, no study" mode, especially now that I have exhausted family's financial support.I haven't given up on trying to pass the degree I'm doing right now, but I'd appreciate advice regarding what to do if things don't go that way.