i want to transfer but i need some help!by pleasehelpmeehi, basically im first year student at queen mary studying mech eng. whilst this was my insurance choice last year, i am absolutely hating every aspect of life at queen mary. okay so a little bit of background about me you guys should know: im also commuting at the moment and living with my parents which is hard init self because they are extremely religious when it comes to me and me, well id describe myself as an atheist right now. oh yea a closet one at that. nobody close to me knows about this like the only person ive told is my exam officer at my uni. my parents know im deviating but they still think im Muslim and haven't disowned me yet(my parents made it clear to me that i would be disowned if i stop believing in their ideology) any ways religion rant over. wait one more thing, cos they are so religious over me, ive never been on a night out. wait you say, youve never been on a night out?? yes dear people ive never been on any sort of night out of any sorts. i dont think ive ever been outside past 11.30 and im 19. i know. this **** is suicde worthy. with all this info i hope you'll agree with me that it is best for me to do what im going to explain in the next paragraph. so without my parents knowledge i have applied to another 5 unis. so far i ve received offer from Manchester to study first year again, Surrey and leeds - second year offer for my course. so before anyone trolls let me explain this is a really big step in my life ive never been 5 ft away from my parents so moving out...woahh(i could be looking at getting disowned, but f em im gonna make the move regardless). know i have several questions for you kind people, hoping you have some advise for a soul. okay first of all, i really like Manchester and i don't mind restarting all over again at all. secondly from what i understand surrey and leeds are also top notch for mech eng. as you can imagine im not the most social person around so although id love to start second year also do you think it will be hard for me to make friends because everyone will already be in their circles. i also want to experience uni to the fullest, living in dorms and stuff. so what would you do if you were in my position. okay this question is a little technical, im getting student finance for my 3 years beng course at queen mary. and im gonna get paid one year student finance at the end of this academic year. so if i restarted my 3 year course at Manchester, first of all will student finance cover that, secondly if i then choose to switch to the meng course at Manchester which is another year will that be covered by student finance too? also do i have to reapply for student finance from the beginning because as you know im not telling my parents till im packing up to move out, so the bit which your parents have to fill in what would i do about that? okay i promise that it for now. please fill me with some comforting advice becasue im not in the most mentally stable places at the moment and would greatly appreciate it. pleasehelpmee