Should i deliberately fail my second year at uni?by Ab1000I'm currently doing a computer systems engineering course in Hull and I'm struggling badly in it. Despite seeking help, I cannot get the hang of coding and have lost any passion I once had for it. I want to transfer to Information Systems as it is less to do with coding and more focused on the business side and having looked at the modules, looks like a course I would be doing much better in. However, I have learnt that I can't change into it on my third year as I haven't taken the second year modules and I'm not allowed to repeat the second year in a different course as they both share a module which I have already passed. Out of the 4 modules I have left to do, it looks like I will fail 1-2 modules this year and narrowly pass the others but now I'm considering potentially failing all my remaining modules so I can move to a course I can do much better in.I admit I do not feel comfortable with the idea of trying to deliberately fail my modules but at the same time, having looked the third year's material, I fear I won't do well in that either and if I don't end up failing, the highest mark I'll probably get is a third or ordinary degree, which in my opinion is almost not worth it.What should I do?P.S. in case you're wondering I'm even doing a computing course if I hate coding, I was one of those idiots who couldn't tell the difference between ICT and Computer programmingP.SS If I just fail 1 or 2 modules, the marks would be capped at 40% for resits and if I failed those I would have to do the third year while resitting those modules, meaning I would have to do 7 modules in my third yearThe only transfer I can request would have to be for next year which isn't allowed as by then I would have finished the year and unless I've failed it, I can't repeat the year in any coursesI actually asked an academic officer. She was the one who told me thisI'm considering changing courses during second year and need adviceby Ab1000I'm currently doing a computer systems engineering course in my second year and I'm doing very badly at it because I have very poor programming skills. I'm fairly certain I'm going to fail at least 2 of my modules and one of them is a 100% coursework module so I don't believe I can resit that one. If this does happen, rather then continuing to third year in misery and possibly a poor degree, I would like to switch courses to Information Systems as it has less to do with coding and more focus on business which I think I will enjoy more. However I do have some concerns:1. The modules for the first year of Computer Systems Engineering and Information Systems are exactly the same. Does this mean I can start the course in the second year?2. I also took a foundation year so I'm technically in my third year of a 4 year course. If I switched courses, would Student finance cover me for the next 2 years?3. How soon do I have to make this application to change courses as I do not know if there is a deadline for changing courses and I want to see if I can wait until I get the results for the 100% coursework module, which is due in 9 days4. If it is successful and I'm allowed to change courses for next year, would I still have to participate in the exams and coursework for this year?I do plan to discuss this with my tutor later in the week but I wanted to see what everyone else thought. Thanks in advance for all responsesNeed advice on Coursework extensionby Ab1000I'm doing a computer science course but I'm terrible at programming as it takes an extremely long time for me to figure out to get my code to work. Despite starting on them nearly a month ago and seeking help, I have 2 programming coursework's due in a week and have made little progress. Most of my nights now are being spent in the labs trying to make some progress but all it's doing is just making me tired during the day. I want to get an extension of an extra week to try to see if I can make a breakthrough in that time but I'm concerned with explaining my reasons for it and my evidence as I don't believe that being slow to figure things out and being very exhausted will be accepted as an excuse as I don't know how to back it up. I've also come under stress due do this and because it's been brought to my attention that I do show signs of having a learning disorder so I recently booked appointments at 2 locations to be assessed for this. However, my psychological review for one place will not be finished for a few more weeks and my assessment for the other place isn't until early June so I don't know if I can use this as a reason for an extension because I don't know if I have been diagnosed or notMy question ultimately is what can I do to get this extension, How can I explain my reasons without evidence? Should I make up a reason that may be more valid and if so what should I use that would be effective?Thank you