Honest advice re failing/dropping outby xshonaxHi all,I would REALLY appreciate any kind of advice on the problem below!Where do I begin? Firstly I should say that as it stands at the moment I am in my final year of Fine Art and despite suffering from severe depression for many years I have never felt so low in my entire life. I used to study in London for the first two years of my course and I thoroughly enjoyed learning new techniques and meeting new people. It was only when in year 2 that I had to transfer uni and move back home to take care of my mother that I began having problems.Firstly, the transfer was awful. None of the tutors made any effort to show me around or make sure I was settling in they just assumed I would pick it up from the other students. I was also caring for my mother and taking my father to/from work every day so I ended up missing A LOT. It wasn't untill February when I finally plucked up the courage to tell someone and even then their view was 'it's a self directed course so its down to you'. Very helpful. Anyway, I ended up failing a module and retaking it the following year alongside my dissertation. However this year my depression and social anxiety became so bad that I sort of developed a fear of uni! And this led to me missing more and more untill I was in the exact sand position as the previous year yet more of an emotional wreck. I had monthly meetings with my course leader who just saw me as an emotional wreck who would come in and cry all the time. No direction or guidance from him. So I went elsewhere and found a lady who really helped me get things on track and I passed my practical (just). I did well on my dissertation but only because I did it at home and it wasn't practical art! But it was really at this point when I figured out that it was my lack of interest in the subject and my hatred of uni that was holding me back. I was sort of self-sabotaging myself.So now it's my final year a couple of weeks before everything's due in and I KNOW I'm going to fail. Like there is no way in hell I'm passing this year. And nobody knows how bad it's got and anytime my family ask I get upset and argue it's my business because I'm afraid to tell them that I don't want to do this anymore. Oh and I'm also pregnant which hasn't exactly helped the situation, making me feel like I have no career or even any kind of passion or direction in life and I know deep down I desperately need to give up the bburden of doing a course I hate. It's nothing to do with the baby but it's making me feel numb and I worry how bad my depression will get if I stay and try to repeat the year To just find myself I'm the same situation with a baby to look after on top of it.Sorry for ranting but I'm desperate for real honest advice and not just the 'stick it out, you be been trying for so long and it's your final year' I just get from my family and friends.Really appreciate any response 