What is the real cost of a degree?by ZolaCFC25I have been trying to work this out over this Easter weekend but it's all a bit too much.Say you don't do any part time work at university, how much would it all cost for a normal 3 year degree.Costs:3 years x£9000 tuitionAccommodation at universitySocial life is much more expensive at uni because you're going out so much moreFood you would obviously need anyway, so not counting thatInterest Then if you do something a masters, law conversion with LPC or whatever else, with accommodation and the usuals.Given the interest levels of student loads, for anyone rich enough for their parents to pay for their degrees would presumably save so much in interest, depending on how long it takes you to pay it off. How much would you save if you didn't have take out a student loan?The same seems to be the case of renting out property... living at home saves a lot of cash! If you're minted and your parents can buy you property though, then again that's so much money saved.Any financial experts around here?I think the uni year is constructed bizarrely and term 3 (summer) is especially odd!by ZolaCFC25It's pretty random how there's 12 weeks before Christmas and exams plus 8 weeks afterwards before Easter, which is fair enough... and then the summer is so short and before you know it, you're back home twiddling your thumbs for summer amongst perhaps a bit of travelling and a bit of work.Also the best part of the year is the summer. I think i would be amazing to be at uni in June and even July instead of all those cold, dark, wet wintery early nights. An 8 week summer holiday with suffice, but as it happens, we get a 4 week Christmas, 4 week Easter and nearly 4 month summer! That's half the year away from university... so much for studying!A degree could easily be done in 2 years. Chop off 2 weeks in Christmas/Easter and 4 in summer, then you still have 15 weeks off + freshers week in a year. Much of uni is a doss and a bit of a holiday anyway; all apart from, say, until a couple of weeks before mid-semester and end of semester deadlines/exams.