Seriously contemplating suicideI am a lawyer deep in student debt with a medium-salary job that isn't sufficient to even service the interest on the debt. As a result, my balance increases every month, even though I make my minimum payment under the IBR program. My best case scenario is that I make these minimum payments for 25 years, and then the balances are forgiven, but the forgiveness will be taxable--with interest, the forgiveness amount will likely be nearly $1 million, which will make me permanently insolvent.ÊI hate practicing law, do not get along with my coworkers, resent many of my clients, and do not feel engaged at the office. For the past two years I have been working an exit strategy- have applied for jobs teaching business law at community college, working at a public interest law organization, even jobs that would require leaving the practice of law for something completely unrelated. All have been dead ends. The only job interviews I get are with other second tier law firms doing exactly what I do now and hate. While I have objectively good credentials (top 1/3 of my class at Ivy League law school, editor of law journal, academic awards, etc), I am not actually very good at my job, and it takes so much of my time (partly because I am depressed an therefore unfocused/inefficient, but partly because law practice is just very time consuming) that I basically have no time to enjoy life. And I work so many long hours only to be digging myself deeper and deeper into financial insolvency every day because of compounding interest.ÊIf I cannot find something else to do with myself, and nobody outside my field is interested in hiring me, I feel like the rest of my life is simply not worth living. My student loans are discharge able upon my death (but not in bankruptcy), and I have over $300k in life insurance, which will be payable even in the event of suicide (there is a special rider, and the waiting period has elapsed). I love my wife very dearly, and she is the only reason I have not killed myself already. However, I feel like I am not truly present for her, because all I think about is my hatred of my professional life, and that the best thing I can do for her and for myself is to kill myself as painlessly as possible, and leave her a modest legacy of life insurance proceeds.