At that point again...Ive battled with myself ever since I was a kid and it seems the older i get the worse my thoughts become...Ive always had it in my head that i dont want to be on this planet but im getting a lot more reckless when in the moment And i do fear that eventually i will kill myself...ive been a self-harmer since i was 11 ....i cant have people at work know. Last year i was reckless and started up and again today attacked myself after a fight with my bf...thats a whole nother issue...im to the point in my life 30 years old and nothing to show for my life this far. I cant have children the people i care about either die or slowly fade out of my life be it my fault or not. Before my best friend passed away last yr he told me i push people away and i suppose in a way its true. I have my mom and aunt left and maybe but 3 friends and who knows if i even have a bf anymore but that whole thing has made me realize we actually Are alone in this world regardless of how close you think you may be....i have a.biological mom that has 7 kids she wants nothing to do with me real reasons unknown which in return turned my youngest sister against me as welk as my uncle and aunt that has now passed on...other siblings we never speak as we dont know each other and were never raised together....bio dad died years ago never knew him. The man that was my father passed 5 years ago and the woman that has always been mom to me moved a few hours away. Ive got an aunt that lives 5 hours from me that loves me but i still feel alone...i am alone..omce mom 83 passes i really have.noone..., the one person i always knew wpuld be there passed from cancer a yr ago at 31 and seeing the 2 people i loved most in this world besides my mom die painful horrible deaths has affected me in unmaginable ways...along with a few crazy events in my relationship w the bf....im a completw wreck. I have no purpose..i feel no worth. The struggle and hassle isnt worth it at all to me. I dont want to fight anymorebc i never wanted to be here in the first place....tonight my bf will leave mad after our blow out or more of i feel attacked bc i didnt do anything wrong...and i will be here by myself and my thoughts and i do fear what i may do with my time alone....i im already in my dark place and when the sun sets and its quiet who nows what will happen. Ive hated myself for years and im told it will get better but it hasnt and it doesnt its gotten worse and i see no point in fighting. I have no hope Its all been sucked out over the years and experiences. I ramble bc i have no one to talk to so i apologize....i see no way out