Im lost and dont know what to doKalebI’m 21 years of age. I’m a depressed person. I am also I angry person that is hard headed. All most of my family does is see me as some lazy pos, I have no close friends, they have all stopped talking to me and being there for me. I have no idea why. I know two of them is cause they are always with their gfs and are happy. I have No gf cause I can’t trust anyone. I have had numerous numbers of gfs and my longest relationship has been only 2 months. Everyone else has had a significant other around me. No one could stand to be with me. I always think I’m going to get cheated on, lied to, or played. It sucks being alone when seeing other people happy with someone. I think its going good with someone then it ends up going to shit and they or I’m completely done with it. You kind of start to lose all hope when all you have is measley one month relationships. Another thing is I am a lazy person. I have three interviews lined up for a new job in one week but I don’t see the happiness in that or that I’m in school. When I see my future I see me alone and just with some job. All I do right now is wake up, eat, workout, and sleep. I have been researching easy ways to kill oneself but honestly i dont have to courage to do it….yet. I dont think it would be selfish because yeah maybe it will affect family at first but I KNOW they will get on with their lives and get over it sooner or later. Idk maybe I will get up the courage to do it. Last night I set done a sleeping pill bottle and looked at it for a second and put it back up in cabinet. I’m a person who puts on a smile around others but they don’t know how I feel sometimes when I’m alone. Hopefully I can rid of myself sooner or later. I just don’t see me ever being happy. Sometimes I am but there’s times I feel so alone nobody knows it. Everyone walks in and out of my life. Who knows. I might do it tonight, tomorrow, or next week or next month. But I will man up and do it eventually if this pain continues.