Can't even sucideMe OwlHello my brothers and sisters in pain. I am searching a way to do suicide but I am so unlucky that I can’t even die now. My life is hell. I dont have a job and can’t find one. After completing my college I wanted to get admission in university but was unable to do because of funds.i did suicide when I was in college at age 17 I fuked my wrist so bad and thought finally I am free. But this cant get any more lucky and after around 30 mins of blood spilling I passed out it was a lot of blood and it was like a river but I felt no pain and I passed out I woke up in hospital and saw they stitched my wrist. My family was crying why I did this. I yelled at the why you saved me. They said they love me. But if they really did just let me go of this miserable life I dont want this life I never asked for this. Its been 4 5 years and I want to study and go abroad but I cant get it through. I attempted sucides 3 4 times. I once speed up my bike and hit it. And I lost consciousness. Woke up in hospital with a broken finger which is fixed now and a fractured leg which is as good as new now. There goes my bike fuking life. Had a rusty 50 years old gun owned by my father. And it had problems shooting it will only fire one bullet and jamm. I tried to get a bullet some how from a friend and I was in a dark room trying to get the strength to pull the trigger. Was thinking about my life my parents and all the few fun things I did in my life. And I said its over now I quit. So I aimed it at my head and fired. Tick….. can this get any worse ??? Fuking shit failed to fire this cant get any more miserable man wtf. I tinkered with it alot for around 10 min and re placed the same bullet fired again fails. He had 2 hits at his back but still didn’t work. Now 3rd time I fired it but it was not pointed towards me I was just checking would it work ? And booom it fuking fired and what a fuking waste of money. The most unlucky son of a dick. My family came quickely took the gun. And same lectures they were praying that I was safe and I was cursing on my useless life. My father hid the gun somewhere and it got stolen by someone cant find it again. Now today I went to a store to buy some potassium cyanide dont know how much it costs but I only had 10$ and the chemist he refused to give me cyanide because he said qhat I want to do with that we dont sell it here like this. This was my final option I am so hopeless. This life is so unfair I see people throwing money blowing their cars and millions of rupees and here I am and I am denied my basic right to education fuk this planet earth. I just dont want to live. There are no other methods to do suicide. Don’t have a tall building here of much height which guarantees death. Can not take a lot of medicines becauese it is not effective can damage my liver or lungs or kidney whatever it is. Life could get even more miserable. Out of options here. I heard there is free education in germany and I was trying to get visa for that but can’t get it done. I am 23 now 5 years of my life totally wasted. I tried some aid programs like billgates foundation and stuff for education but no answer. Don’t know what to do. Is there a guy or a girl who want to practise shooting on me it would be free u had to bring gun and ammunition though and shoot all u want or where would u else get a live target I could move even if you want to would be fun hitting a moving target and more fun doing a headshot. So any one here for that ?