 Just feeling hopeless21 (almost 22) year old college student.I've been feeling really purposeless lately. This year, since I turned 21, it has hit me that I am older and people view me as an adult. But I don't feel like an adult. Now I am about to turn 22 and I don't have much to show for it. Pretty average. I want to be noteworthy in some way to people (in a positive way). I make the Deans List in school every semester. A big part of me wants to keep from burning bridges in case I do start turning myself around. For that reason, I put fourth a moderate effort in school and I work a lot to save up money. There are so many bad people in the world. There are people that don't care about you, people who will gladly screw you over, and people who will go out of their way to make your day worse. Sometimes they will do all three in one action.I have severe Avoidant Personality Disorder and Social Anxiety Disorder. Self diagnosed. But trust me, I have them, they describe how I act perfectly. I have even tried to convince myself a million times that I don't, but I definitely do. For this reason, most people find me weird, or awkward and it is a very isolating feeling. Actually, it is terrible. I know I am in the vast MINORITY in the way I feel, but I could not imagine being a comfortable and outgoing person that people actually like. I am starting to accept that I will never change, whereas when I was younger and "shy" I just thought I would grow out of it. Nope. I have a girlfriend of 3 years and we live together. Our relationship has problems and it is extremely confusing for me. I have lashed out at her many times in completely psychotic episodes where I lose my mind. I have never laid hands on her, but by "psychotic episodes" I mean screaming at the top of my lungs, throwing things, breaking things, and name calling. I know I've messed up and it hurts me so bad afterward, I feel ashamed. I know I'm wrong. I love her so much. My insecurities run so deep that I get paranoid whether or not she loves me. I am not sure if she does or not. Either way she would be far better off if we broke up, but she fights for that not to happen. And yet, I am the idiot always suggesting that we break up. Why would I actively try to lose the one close relationship in my life? Because I am a depressed, insecure idiot who would love the chance to say "congrats, you made the love of your life hate you".....that is probably what it comes down to.Two reasons I haven't committed suicide yet: My parents and fear.I know both of my parents would be devastated if I did. I know they love me more than I can comprehend. The thought of putting them through that makes me sick. But at the same time, they don't have to live my life. As selfish as that sounds, that's the only way I can put it. They love me, but that doesn't make me feel any less lonely and empty. That doesn't change the fact that most people in the world are terrible. Doesn't give me a purpose, doesn't cure my disorders, doesn't fix my relationship. Sometimes I feel like I wish the only two people in the world that would truly care if I died (mother and father) would just turn their backs on me. That way the decision would be EASY for me. I just honestly don't know if my parents would ever be the same after.Then there are some people who would kind of care but they would move along shortly after...off the top of my head my girlfriend, brother, sister, maybe my nieces, my best friend and his family. Not really worried about extended family.And fear. I am afraid that my last minute or two alive are going to be terrifying, if I were to attempt it. My body panicking, convulsing, and whatever else could happen. That is a scary thought, but that is pretty secondary and not what is reallystopping me.Well, I don't know. I feel like this is just a huge unorganized rant and I probably didn't come close to expressing how I feel. If you read the whole thing, thank you so much for taking the time, I really appreciate it.