Extreme CautionI don't recall posting in this thread. However, I just can't bare what's happening in my life & with my health.ÊI see that exiting this pathetic exsistance is the only way out of (all) the pains & suffering that I endure. I however, am UNABLE to do that. However, I'm tired of being the "trash" that exsists within a world of people, that are constantly treating me like it. I can't take this life of mine, but I want, so deeply for this painful existance to subside;once & for all. There's no denying myself, any more, for longing to exit this painful life I've, not only endured, but continue to be plagued with so many things. It's always bad news that I recieve & it just is becoming too overwhelming for myself to want to endure anything more. I'm tired of posting on here, about things never getting better. I'm tired of posting how pathetic my life is, knowing full well, other's have it (much) worse than myself. Right now, honestly, I don't care how poorly someone else has it, as I can't get past this feeling of hurting, so very deeply, & knowing how useless of a human being I truly am. It's an agonizing feeling, to know that people have nothing but unkind things to say, not only behind your back, but to your face. I'm done with watching other people enjoy life, while I constantly struggle to survive it. There's nothing that I have, that makes me 'want' to stay/stick around for the "other shoe" dropping. I'm plagued by mean, spiteful, & hurtful people that just verbally attack me, unprovoked, or just treat me like I don't even exsist any more. I'm tired of people saying that "they never said that" to me, when I dang well know, I haven't (completely) lost "all my cookies" yet.ÊI hurt, so very badly, on a physical & emotional level, that it's just not tolerate the pains any longer. I long to find the peace in life, that I've never had & I never seem to "find" it's existance. People are so unkind, mean, spiteful, uncaring, & I could keep going with things. I'm not a perfect human, as I will openly/honestly admit to everyone/anyone. However, I'm still "kicked" by so many people, I can't handle the bruises/scars any longer. I don't wan to keep moving foward, when I see that there's nothing to move foward too. I've done my best to help other's & for that, my return is being further 'slammed to the ground.' It's become, too difficult, for myself to continue to hear, how much of a decline my health is & the year's being "removed" from the life I have.ÊI'm depleated with being positive any more. I'm tired of "the con game" I play with myself, just to believe/think that things will change or that I will "get the justice" for the injustice done to myself/my life. It's crystal clear, that things will never change nor will I "find" that justice. I'm tired of people hurting me, distroying my life, & all the unkindness that people are capable of. It never stops & I believe, whole~heartedly that it never will. I'm tired of being bullied & never able to stand up to them or have some "slick" come backs, that would shut someone up, once & for all. It keeps coming at me, like a train that's lost it's breaks & is unable to stop. I'm exhusted with posting how things never change & how pathetic I am. All I used to be, all that I used to believe in, & all the hopes/dreams that I have had, have all been cut down, like cutting down a tree;that simple.ÊThere's no (real) treatment for what's happening to my health. I just sit & watch the signs of deterioration happening. I can't stop this nor can I do anything about it. It's just too much to "carry the load" of everything in my life. I have no friends, no family, & truly no one that cares about me. What's the point any more;truly? All I've become is a human punching bag for other's. All I get is nothing but more fustarations, pain, & more suffering. I guess, with my year's on this planet, I didn't have enough of this, from the very start of my life. What a horrible person I must (truly) be....