A constant depressionLawrenceSo I will go straight to the subject.It’s been 4 years since I’ve been struggling with depression. Last year was the worst, I had two attempts at ending my life. I didn’t manage to do it because I realised that I’m a worthless coward. Yes, I’m so pathetic that I can’t even get it done properly. The constant misfortunes that have kept coming into my life have made me feel miserable. Deep down I have this huge feeling of guilt and I know why. It’s because of my mother. The thought of doing this to her is simply devastating. However, I’m also aware that this is the reason which has also kept me from maybe doing many things that I have avoided doing throughout my life. I’ve always felt a constant pressure due to this. And recently it’s becoming more and more unbearable. I’ve had a devious behaviour this year. I’ve begun doing anything that actually made me feel something even if it was for that one moment. Then I’d do it again, and again, because that’s the only time when I’d feel something inside of me. Most of the time I feel hollow. I pretend in front of my family, of my best friends. I am tired of doing that. The usual cliche of saying I’m misunderstood is more than just a cliche. It’s a fact. Nobody can reach me. People think they understand but they don’t. Not these people who have barely had any difficulties to deal with in life. No, they might somehow sympathize you but they are not capable of properly even grasping the slightest clue of what you’re going through. I am sick of people. Sick of myself. The future is bleak. The constant routine hanging over my head is terrifying. I did a lot of things to change it. I tried more optimistic approaches in dealing with things, engaged in a couple of sports. These were the brighter parts. Then chaos. Multiple sexual encounters, with the opposite sex and the same sex as well. Drinking, smoking, nights wasted for nothing. My batteries have been running low. I’m constantly drained, exhausted. I feel as if i’m using my friends, these people I hang out with to somehow combat my emptiness. When I’m surrounded by loud voices I can pretend. But at the end of the day, when it’s just me and my thoughts, I’m terrified. I’ve lost my will. I have no purpose, just this endless guilt holding me back. I’m angry with myself that I cannot finish this mechanical life I’m leading. Deep down I somehow realise that I will not be able to do it until my mother dies. Only then will I be able to kill myself. But the thought is excruciating. Having to drag myself daily through this misery for that single reason? I don’t know if I will have the power in the years to come. I hope I won’t, I hope that last bit of whatever’s making me hesitate will go away. The sooner, the better. I’m not asking for religious interventions. God has lost its meaning years ago for me. Man also has. What I’m asking for, might be a different perspective on all of this.