Is thinking about death and dying similar to "suicide"?I know the dictionary definition of suicide is taking your own life - right?But what about continually thinking about death and dying? Is it similar to suicide?My life has "felt" different ever since September of last year. I guess the catalyst for the change was a relapse in CFS/ME.This chronic condition has taken away some more "living" for me. Less energy, less focus, less ambition; more pain, more fatigue, more brain fog. It has impacted my work, my social life (not that I was a big social butterfly before), and my marriage.So now it's been 6 1/2 months of living a less engaged or active life ... and I find myself thinking about death and dying a lot. At least every day.I am not making any plans, I am not acquiring any means/methods, I am not finishing up any loose ends, and I am not actively working through any bucket list.But I have this strong sense of apathy - you know that inner "meh" you feel whenever you think, I should do the laundry/call a friend/start a new painting/ or anything that speaks of vitality or interest or meaning.And today that apathy or pointlessness is really strong. It's as if I don't really care about being alive anymore. I feel bored and unmotivated ... I go through the paces, go to work, keep the house liveably clean, wash the dirty underwear, take out the trash - you know all those menial boring daily duties that right now seem so stupid and ridiculous. As if any of it really matters! (Well, I guess having clean underwear matters to those near me.)I guess it's the depression - combined with the illness/being unwell. Yeah it is. I'm feeling depressed about being in pain, tired, and foggy. It's making me feel less connected to aliveness.Maybe I should've posted this in "Venting". I'm okay - I'm not at the edge or anything.Just a really really flat mood that makes me think death is not such a bad thing.What stops me though is my spiritual beliefs - and I want to stress spiritual, not religious. Somewhere deep down inside me, there is this stubborn voice that keeps telling me that I was given this sacred gift of Life and to throw it away would be very disrespectful to what I call Kitchi Manitou, or Great Spirit. And it would violate this inner value of cherishing the sacredness of life. I do - I value all of life. Especially the children. These little people also keep me wanting to stay alive, even if it's to give them one more hug or one more word of encouragement.That's really what is keeping me going right now. But I'm merely existing, not living.I guess that's okay, isn't it? Coasting for a while?But I really really miss moving myself - "swimming" if you want to look at it metaphorically. As in, propelling myself with intent and purpose and hope and courage.So maybe I should've posted this in "Grieving".Sorry everyone for my meandering! But this is therapeutic ... so thank you if you read this, and if you have something to say about this TTL topic.I hope you all keep safe and stay alive tonight. Cuz there's be an empty space in the world without you, and that would be really sad.