Êon my mindjust really want to get this out. dont care who reads or sees it... the hate inside of me has been rising inside of me to a point where i cant really quell it anymore. hate for myself and this mental mindfuck that has taken over my life. allergies that prevent me from doing anything. this bone crushing pressure in my head. this condition has no treatment and im finished trying to fight it. im just finished. im so dejected and in such despair. im fuckin done.the pain has long been past my threshold. time to fucking do myself in. it really is. its gotten so ridiculous.Êone thing thats on my mind is my anger and rage towards women. it started with my mom and earlier this year it has been rising. i have no love for women. i want to but i hate females. i just cant deal with this obsession in my mind thats grown to outrageous levels. always looking and craving validation from women. fuck. its so annoying. i always think about it. with men i can interact without really caring but with women its different and its become so annoying. to always be thinking about what women think of me. blah blah blah. fuck. always caring about how they perceive me and if theyre attracted to me. i always need the attention on me and its become a curse. im a pretty good looking guy and have had my share of beautiful girls in my life -- its just become fuckin overwhelming to always be thinking about this. when there are myriad more important things than women to be thinking about i always care. im tired of caring. im tired of comparing myself to other guys and gauging why they might be more attractive than me. fuck its a curse.no mental peace with this shit. always from one thought to the next. and if i dont get that particular womans attention and compliments it eats away at me. its like i cant just have one or two girls giving me attention -- gotta have it all. it wasnt always like that either. it was after i started learning how to pick up girls with stupid bullshit books that lie and teach stupid shit that doesnt work -- it changed and transformed and deluded me into believing all these fallacies about myself and women. changed my nature. nothing was organic anymore., so frustrating.fuck. nothing can be natural now with a woman. im always looking for a certain reaction or outcome. cant just be friends with a girl it always has to be romantic. AND its like i dont even feel any romantic feelings for women anymore. its just like -- if you're a woman then i want to try to get u into me and feeding my ego. or validating my brokenness. it fuckin sucks. then when i put myself out there and i DONT receive the validation it destroys me. beacuse i have been with really beautiful girls when i dont get that standard of woman i get enraged and deeply insulted. fuck. tired of being somebody im not. tired of putting on faces for people -- whether that be for women or other people or trying to mask my pain. or whatever the fuck just fuck it all. i need to die and im sick and tired of censoring my feelings and emotions for other people. ive went through more shit than most people combined in their whole lives. i know that. im so young too. so much trauma and one thing after another. no release and reprieve from the incessant pain...always drowning always suffocating. kills me. tired of feeling desperate for someone to save me or love me. part of me feels really ugly inside because of this condition and all the shitstorm of emotions that have flooded me because of this shit. i feel unlovable inside. i cant receive or feel love. i dont feel it. at all. its all just a face. i feel nothing but rage and hate. nothing but hopeless and despair and depression. just darkness of the darkest night. no moon no stars no light. i want to die. i want to stop this torment. fuck wt. women treat men better and stop being shit bags. i hate feeling unattractive when i know i am. i hate feeling insecure and weird and creepy when i know im not. and i used to gfeel like the cool guy who got his girl that he wanted. fuck its annoying. to not feel in control of your life and your mind and feelings. not knowing how to control anything its so defeating.Êmy life is in shambles and im at wits end with how to keep going. im angry at myself and the drugs and david and albert and so many fuckin people for leading me to the point i am at in my life. so many people that slowly destroyed my life one tiny decision at a time. im nothing like i once was. ive hurt so many people. it weighs on me. yet i feel so numb cuz of the anger and hate. does anybody truly love me? i definitely dont feel it....is it possible to love me?Êtheres a woman in my life who claims to love me. i dont believe her and i rly resent her. yet she loves me. its like wtf. i dont fuckin know anymore. kill me now.