Feeling like giving upGiving InIt’s selfish. I know.I should think of others who are worse off. I know.People get their life taken away from them without a choice, so I shouldn’t choose to end mine. I know.I know all of it, and I’ve thought of it all a hundred times over.I attempted suicide when I was around 14, I took ten paracetamol, but nothing happened. I tried it again when I felt really low a few months later and this time ensured that I took more. Again nothing happened. I had a huge argument with my mum aged 15 and felt that I had nowhere to turn, so this time I made sure that I swallowed an entire pack. I ended up in hospital but survived.I was subjected to psychological tests, counselling, you name it I had to go through it. The shame of them all knowing I had intended to kill myself still haunts me now a decade later.I think I was born with depression. It sounds silly doesn’t it? But my earliest memories are of crying at certain nursery rhymes because they brought this awful ‘grey’ feeling over me when I heard them. I remember crying in bed around 4 years old, for absolutely no reason.I’m almost 25 now and most of the time I feel like I do OK. I don’t take anti-depressants as I feel that I can control it 90% of the time. I book numerous holidays a year and just think of them whenever I get really, really, low. The thought of adventure, exploring, and escape, helps me to forget my every day demons.I have a degree that I don’t use, I earn below an average wage, I can drive but hate it so I don’t own a car and catch the bus everywhere, and all of my friends are long distant.My boyfriend has unintentionally made a couple of comments this week, about how he feels he sorry for me when he goes out with his friends, because he knows that I’m home alone. Today I asked him why I don’t see his family more than I do (I’ve met them a handful of times after being with him for over a year), his reply was that because I don’t drive its effort for him to sort out picking me up etc (he lives a 45 minute drive away, with no direct bus or train links between us). He’s an amazing man and hasn’t meant either of the comments in a nasty way, but they’ve just spiralled my depression out of control. I’ve always felt like a burden to everyone, like I’m useless. My job is average and uninteresting, I don’t have loads of friends around me to organise fun things to do with, I don’t drive etc. I rely on family and my boyfriend to entertain me.I’ve never considered that I was such a nuisance before. Who wants someone around when you have to spend ages planning how you’ll pick them up etc. I have other health issues such as anxiety and a bowel complaint, so it’s even worse because it’s always ‘we can’t go to that restaurant, it won’t be good for your stomach’ ‘we can’t go there, the crowds are too much, you might have a panic attack’.I’ve just started to think that I shouldn’t be here anymore. I’m too nervous to do anything alone, I won’t even join a gym because I’m nervous about walking in there for the first time on my own. I hate people like me, they need to get a grip and get on with things, but I cant. It’s not fair on everyone around me.I just want to go now, the only thing stopping me is the fear that I’ll be unsuccessful in my attempts again. I couldn’t cope with that, the whole point of me trying to slip out of life unnoticed is so that my boyfriend and family can get on with their own lives in the long term, instead of messing around after me. Imagine if I failed? They’d have another issue to deal with, I’d likely be admitted to a mental health unit somewhere as it’d be my second suicide attempt on file. Brilliant.Can anyone give me some advice? Please be bluntly and brutally honest if you need to be. All I’ve ever heard are the sugar-coated optimistic stories that people tell me to make me feel better.