What's the meaning of life?AirmanHello, I am a 26 Y/O male who appears to have it all looks, personality, confidence, a good job, perfect family. I put on this front from the second I wake up. I look at my 10 month old so and tell him today is going to be a wonderful day. Daddy loves you. His innocence is beautiful… If he really knew my thoughts… I can barely afford to feed you. With a combined income of 100k+ we are just making it by due to bad decisions before he came along. If it wasn’t for my wife’s parents we wouldn’t have anything. I feel like such a failure. I don’t deserve to live. My materials have pushed me over the edge. I’m behind on taxes our home we are renting out is just another feather on this camels back. Are they going to pay me on time? Are they going to pay me at all?! Will that money come in time to pay the bills at my current house? I just want to give up yet I can’t because I have a family who loves me to matter what… Or so I thought. Today my wife said she wants a divorce for the 10+ time. Great! I have failed at my second marriage at 26. I haven’t finished paying my ex wife and now my current wife wants a divorce! I tell myself to stay strong! I have been through countless deployments. If I can do that I can do anything. Just as I’m telling myself that I realize I’m stuck in the corrupt country. My debt card has been cancelled by bank. How am I going to back it back to America? I wondered the streets here for a while before returning back to her families home. Some vacation this has been. I’m sitting here looking at my wife and son sleep thinking how they will react if they find my lifeless body next to them. I have been diagnosed with PTSD and depression for the last few years. It has been my secret that can’t get out. Nothing seems to work. The only thing that makes me feel worth living is going back to that war environment. I’m praying I can find the strength to pull through this depression but everyday just seems to get worse. Will I succeed and killing myself or will this be another failed attempt.