First Cut	DarcyHello, I feel like I am falling deeper and deeper into a black hole that I am never going to be able to get out of. If I am going to make it any longer in this life I need some way to release some pain. I have been experimenting with self harm but I am kind of chicken and haven’t been able to do any deep cuts, just surface level, barely even breaking the skin. It does help a little just having the pain but not enough, I really need to make myself bleed. How do you get past the pain and fear? In the past, I have hit myself with hammers and other objects just to cause bruising but it is not helping any more. I need more of a release. Please, if you have any suggestions on how to get past my pain and fear so I can make the first deep cut, please let me know.Need Someone to ListenDarcyHello, sorry for the long story I just need someone to talk to and there is no one in my life that I feel like I can without burdening them. I am 43 years old and have had an alcohol problem for probably close to 20 years now. I didn’t start drinking until I was 21 but it has been pretty consistent since them and in the last few years has become unmanageable. I am drinking more than I ever have and cannot get through a day without drinking. Alcoholism runs in my family and I was warned since day 1 not to let it get out of control, which I obviously have and I am embarrassed and ashamed and very angry at myself for letting it happen. I don’t want anyone I know to find out I have this problem as they would be so disappointed in me. I am trying to find confidential treatment on my own and to be honest, I am scared. I went to an AA meeting on Monday and fought back tears through the entire meeting. I didn’t really like it but I know I haven’t fully given it a chance. I was afraid they were going to call on me to speak and there were about 50 people there and I didn’t want to. They didn’t though but it is making me reluctant to go to another meeting. Because I don’t really see any way out and I can’t live like this anymore, my suicidal thoughts in the last few weeks have been consuming my life. I don’t see any way out and I feel trapped. I think about suicide all day and all night. I finally got a will prepared and will go in to sign it on Monday. I have added people to my bank accounts so they will have easy access to my accounts. I wrote my suicide note a couple of nights ago but there are a couple of things I want to add to it. I have pills ready and I can’t get the alcohol until I am ready to do it because I will drink it. My thought is I want it to be as peaceful & painless as possible. My plan is to drink a bottle of wine to relax myself then take another couple bottles of wine with me to the car and start it in the garage, play one of my favorite CD’s, take the pills and drink the wine and just relax until I lose consciousness. I hope it is as peaceful as I plan. I have not decided 100% that I want to do it I just want to make sure everything is ready so there is nothing holding me back if & when I can’t take any more. Thanks for listening.


Almost made itDarcyHello~ I found out today that I cannot get in for my evaluation for alcohol treatment until 6/26/15, and that is just the evaluation. I don’t know how soon after that I can actually get counseling. I have been trying so hard to stay positive and try to take steps to get better and it is just getting harder & harder. I feel like this has sent me a bunch of steps back & I don’t think I can make it. I am so tired of fighting this. I am praying really hard that I will get through it. All loose ends have been tied up & I am ready to go. The nights are so difficult as that is when I have been drinking and my thoughts are confused and I can’t see any way out and I am afraid I am going to do something without really thinking it through. I am trying to hold on for my family but I don’t know how much longer I can.