i have no onei dont know what to do so maybe this will make me feel better putting it out there. I am 25 and married i have no friends. im shy and its hard making friends and keeping them. except my husband but he doesnt understand how im feeling so i have stopped telling him when im depressed or my problems he doesnt deserve that to have a wife that complains so i try to seem happy with him. he tells me to stop feeling sorry for my self but its more than that. my biggest problem is my job the people i work with i cant trust them i thought me and this girl i worked with were starting to get close then everything i told her she'd tell other people so i stopped that quick then she started asking why i have been so quiet ... and im shy so they feel like its ok to mess with me because i wont say anything. its just not who i am to go off on someone because i am so nice . i leave people alone so why cant they just leave me alone sounds simple but its obviously not. my family and i have grown so far apart i only talk to my parents once a month and never talk to my sisters and brother in less its a family get together. they dont even try to talk to me and i dont understand i have tried to talk to my mom but its like she dont want to talk to me. shes not being caring toward me ive been going through some medical problems and she never asks about it or anything i have had tell her then i stopped and i havnt her from her in a while i just don't get it if i was a mother id be talking to my child everyday to see if they were ok... what i want more than anything is to be a mother ,and with my problem i may never be able to. going through 2 miscarriages was hard and i dont think i could go through anymore. and everything else is too expensive to try. so i have to deal with that too...i dont know where to go i feel stuck in the place i am in ive been asking god to help me i've been so depressed with everything i dont know what else to do. ending my life seems like the best thing it'd be better than living my life just existing everyday and dealing with people i don't like and having no one to talk to.