I need to set her free!MattI am struggling right now, found out over the summer that my wife of 15 years was having a bunch of different online relationships and telling guys she is un happy and wants a divorce. When i found out I flipped, I always thought we had a wonderful relationship I fall more in love with her everyday. We Talked and she promised that it was just words but she felt she was missing a part of herself, and that she has kept a secret from everyone her whole life. she want to be Polyamorous and find a second husband to live with us and our 3 children. Total polybombed what the hell is this lifestyle nd why am I not enough she is my everything and i feel that my all is now not enough for her. We talked and i said we could try and find someone against every fiber of my being, we began looking for someone we could trust and someone that would be a roll model for our children, things were going ok till November, we had meet a couple of people and been on a few dates but nothing more than that, Well i guess we wern’t trying hard enough because by February my wife had cheated on me 8 times since November with people I had no idea about. She said she hid it so i wouldn’t be hurt but felt that she couldn’t find someone that met our arrangments with me in the picture, felt i had unrealistic expectations. So i guess putting your life in danger sleeping with total strangers is ok??? I love my wife so much and can forgive her but she still wants to do this and it kills me a little more each day. I have decided it time to set her free so she can be as happy as she made me. I have written my 3 kids notes and looked at a variety of different ways to do this, but havent been able to get the job done my kids are the only thing I am worried about. I am so angry at God right now why does he allow so much pain and suffering i can’t take this anymore. My trust is totally destroyed making it hard for me to be anywhere away from home when she is not right there. I think it would be best to give her what she needs and set her free, but with her actions i am not sure if she is going to be safe and there for them if she continues down this path. Don’t think i could ever be ok with this and i can’t breathe any more.My eyes hurt from crying, my heart hurts from trying. I look so tired & worn out because inside I’m dying. I miss her, I need her, but she is better off without me. Days will have to drag on longer, but eventually I will stop thinking about her. I wish I knew. I feel broken & unwanted, like it was easy for her to let me go. I trusted her with everything, I let my feelings show. Someday I hope I can look back at this & say I was strong. But only I know I’m not…… Please forgive me Kids!