Not suicidal, but lacking a reason to existI'm empty as a person, no passions, no interests, vacant, nothing to say or contribute, just a dried up void of empty incoherent useless words that don't mean anything. Sometimes I think it would be nice if I could summon the will to commit suicide, but I'm a weak person who systematically fails at executing plans and everything else, so such is unfortunately unlikely. I'm not really going anywhere in life and there doesn't seem to be much out there in the world for me since I don't enjoy things and can't relate to human beings socially. I'm a nothing.I don't really see much of a significant point to staying alive and I don't really think suicide is as big of a deal as people think it is. Like, it would be nice to expand my music taste a bit, since it is a bit too narrow as of now, but is listening to a few extra songs really worth everything else? I can't will myself to be interested in or put enough mental energy into things. I've wasted too much of my life and have too knowledge or experience to catch up to the point where I'll be able to converse with people or catch their attention. Why would anyone want to spend time with me over a brick wall? Is there really much of a point going on if there is nothing out there for you? And isn't it a bit possessive for other people to demand you to stay alive for no cogent reason if you really dislike your existence that much, especially if you don't really actually provide much of anything for them?ÊSure, some cases are mental illness that the person can easily get treatment for, but you don't necessarily have to be ill to want to. It depends on the individual. I think for plenty of people, suicide could just be a natural reaction to the reality that circumstances most likely aren't going to be getting better anytime soon and that it's simply easier to take the more efficient and less costly means to the same inevitable end we all eventually pass through.ÊI don't know, for me, suicide seems a lot like falling in love, they both seem like nice concepts in theory, but neither are likely to ever happen for me due to deep-rooted character flaws. And the pursuit of such concepts is likely to present more potential problems and complications than it's worth. I probably won't ever off myself, mainly because there isn't really any scrape of life remaining inside me to kill.