I just want to dieAmberI want to kill myself.I live an unhappy life, so what’s the point of living it?? There’s over 500,000 people in this world I don’t think I’ll be missed. I’ve lost my best friend, my mum keeps on yelling at me. does my life really matter??I often find myself being jealous of people who have died. I think wow….that lucky person did it finally! I sometimes see a suicide as a courageous act. Having the guts to take things into your own hands. I’m not afraid to die I just fear how I will die. Will there be pain? I’m afraid of pain. Lately though I’ve been fantasizing about killing myself. Trying to thing of the easiest pain free way to end my miserable existence.I hate myself.Why is this world so cruel???!!!I’m tired of fighting this battle called life alone. No one cares about me, so why should I stay alive? Who am I living for???Whenever I think of suicide I think I’m about to cry, but I don’t care. I AM GONNA DO THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!No one can stop me. Goodbye world…Ok so I’m planning to die maybe tomorrow or something. But I want to find a simple way, I don’t have access to guns or drugs or anything…I need suggestions! But don’t tell me not to commit suicide because I won’t listen. I’m doing it. Everyone hates me.My life is so messed up that really, my mum should’ve put me down at birth.People need to just sometimes put my needs above theirs. I just want to die!! Yes I just want to die. No one appreciates my being here, and I want to donate all I have to charity. Maybe someone more worthy can take the spark and became a great person. All I know is that I should not live on this earth. I am a waste of space and have one method of suicide I may try. I will take sleeping pills, and wrap a plastic bag around my head. That way, I go to sleep and never wake up.I have to admit, I’m ready to do this, but really scared too…I feel so alone everyday I try to be optimistic and have faith and tell myself one day I will be happy and everything will work out. But I give up now I just want to die. Don’t know why I even exist I’m stuck in this never ending cycle. I’m scared to kill myself in case it doesn’t work plus the pain and don’t know what method to use. I’m so scared I don’t want to wake up tomorrow I feel like I consistently live in fear trapped in a bubble isolated, confused and lonely. I panic and I’m scared and nobody is helping despite the fact some know it’s as if there not dedicated enough to help. My life has been troubled with panic attacks and I can’t mentally escape it and it’s taken over everything else. I’ve had anxiety since last week and I have been struggling with depression for a while now. Can someone tell me where the hope is? I’m just trapped and I want to be okay but I can’t break it. I’ve always been sensitive to others. I just wanna scream. I’m still only 13 and ages doesn’t matter but I’m sure many others my age couldn’t handle it but yet it’s as if people look down at me.I just want to die