Êi don't deserve to lifeOn the surface, I am happy and caring. Deep down I am bitter, jealous, and materialistic.ÊEver since I was in high school, I have been a shoplifter. I was caught when I was in high school but since I was under age I wasn't punished. Then I got caught again two years ago and was giving alternative measure instead of criminal record. A normal person would regret and change. However, I kept doing the bad habit thinking this way I could save more money so that I could get a car and pay off my loans faster. I always think the world owns me since it gave me a terrible childhood, no friends, and no parents. I think that's why I steal like everything's mine.Of course, I got caught again. This time the police told me I don't deserve any more chances and that I am a criminal. I am a criminal all along. I feel so scared. I was planning to go to college in September but now with a criminal record I couldn't. There is no future for me. I have never been genuinely happy. Now it is over. in a sense, I feel relived that it is no longer a secret although I am terrified to have anyone I know find out the truth.Êi quit my jobs and rented a room so i can die with no interruption. I have been doing nothing for 4 days waiting to move in the new apartment. It is so quiet. My mind is going crazy with all sorts of thoughts. No one calls me. How I wish anyone would call and ask how am I doing. I told my current landlord that I am going on a vacation when in fact I am leaving the world.ÊI suppose to go to the police station at some point to have my finger prints done. Hopefully someone will smell my body decay before then and report to the police. I don't want them to do a search warrant at my old landlord's place or at work.ÊYes, I am scared. But I cannot live a life not be able to go to school, not be able to look to the people I know in the eyes, and not be able to find a job. I am finished. I have giving chances but I never cared. I am so screwed up and ill natured. I hate myself so much. I hate myself.