My farewell, I guessJ.A.JGreetings,I guess you already know why I’m here.There’s no point in hiding the fact that I’m looking for a way to end this miserable existence of mine as painlessly as possible. Yes, I know I’m most likely going to Hell but I honestly can’t wait, it’s been a long time coming. Whatever awaits me on the other side, beyond the veil, it can’t be any worse than what this is, but if anything, it’s going to be much better. If truth be told, I’d rather burn for all eternity than be a slave to the rich and the wealthy. Although, I very much doubt that Hell will be like that. I think it’ll be a place where I’ll be able to indulge in my deepest, darkest fantasies and a place where I can serve my true creator in peace. But, perhaps I’ve put too much faith in Satan. If so, then may God smite me with all his might and may I suffer horribly. Religion is a touchy subject. It’s hard to say what’s true and what isn’t because there’s so many religions out there. It’s easier for one to say, “I will believe it when I see it” and “that I may as well worship something that I’ve made up myself”, for if a divine truly existed wouldn’t he/she show him/herself to us? At the very least in our dreams? You’d be a fool then not to worship that divine, wouldn’t you? But as of yet, I personally have yet to see anything and the only thing I can rely on right now is my gut instinct to determine where I’m going next. All I know for certain is that it’ll be better than this reality – no more worries, no more pain, no more mortality. If you believe otherwise, that’s fine, I’m not here to debate religion with you. I’m sure you’ll agree though, that it’s nice to imagine what’s on the other side. To imagine… A paradise. The smell of freshly cut grass, millions of miles of green with nothing there besides a giant oak tree, you sit beneath it and finally rest your weary head and a while later, conjure up anything that you want, anything that you have ever wanted but couldn’t get. The possibilities would be endless.Does that not sound like the perfect after-life?As a young lad, I had always dreamt of becoming a police officer in order to fight injustice, to help people, to protect the innocent, etc. but I always knew that I wouldn’t really be doing these things. It would just have been an illusion because as I see it, the police are controlled by the government and the government itself is just a puppet of a much larger machine. I may be wrong but this is what I believe anyway. I knew this and I guess it really doesn’t matter now that I tell people this, I don’t really care much if people think I’m crazy for believing in such “conspiracies”, I wanted to be part of it. I thought for a while that a New World Order would bring peace and prosperity and might have shaped humanity into something that I could be proud of. Of course, it’d involve a lot of sacrifice but what is a few thousand or even a million lives compared to the ultimate fate of humanity and Earth itself? I imagined a humanity that began colonising off-world planets, where space travel became the norm, where every nation on Earth worked together towards a new golden age for humanity which would rival that paradise on the other side but then and even now I know that if humanity cannot unite and stop fighting itself mindlessly over petty resources and ideologies, it’ll just destroy itself completely and all of this which could be possible will become the impossible. This may be inevitable. This may just be evolution. Perhaps I’m just naive to think that humans can change. Maybe, the humanity I thought I loved doesn’t actually exist. A fact though: this reality is full of uncertainty, lies and deceit. Too much backstabbing. Nothing is true, nothing is certain except that one day, we will die. So why not today? If death is inevitable, why should we endure this torment? If we’re going to die anyway, what is the point of living? We are probably much more valuable in the after life and much more powerful than any mortal creature could ever hope to be.How long do we live for? A hundred years. Is it really worth it?Indeed, I have tried to be successful and have spent many years planning my life and my future ahead of me which involved a wife and a family, a nice car, a nice house and my favourite hobby was going to be golf – golf! Suicide never played a part in my future, unless of course I became the next Hitler. But, now life just seems so bland, so empty and reality seems so stupidly nonsensical to me that I can’t be bothered with it any more, so to speak. I spent a great many years banging my head against the wall in order to comprehend this reality we live and how disgusting it really is that money is power, that power is no longer in the hands of the people but in the hands of old and bitter men – men that are not worthy of such power, no less. Does it make sense to you that a footballer or an actor or even a singer is paid more than a member of the Armed Forces? One who actually risks life and limb to protect us? Not to me but this is reality, this is what people have come to accept. And so, over the years I have always been seen as the joker, the butt of all jokes, the odd one out but no, who I really was, was the one who kept an open mind and saw the world for what it really is. I refused to be a sheep, to follow the herd and many times have been willing to die for more than a few causes. In all those years, I never once saw myself considering death by suicide. It just seems so natural now, backing out would feel like I was turning my back on something. It’s as if something on the other side wants me. It’s hard to explain… Furthermore, I have always yearned for a leader, someone or something to follow, someone or something that would give me a shred of hope for the future, that would ensure humanity’s survival but who would ensure that all those who have led us on, who are in power today, were punished for their crimes against our people but no such individual has came to be. Many a time I thought that I was that individual, but who would want to follow a mere teenager? I needed a purpose, I needed a reason to get up in the morning, so I’ve been from one end of the political spectrum to the other, left and right and have found wisdom in both ideologies but alas, no such party, group of people, movement or individual has had the charisma nor the determination to set things right, to ensure that all were seen as one – as equals. And I, I am not a leader, but a follower without a leader, and a follower cannot follow nothing.I have applied for membership in numerous organisations that I thought could change things for the better; that didn’t go anywhere. People just talk and do nothing and sit on forums all day. It never used to be like that though. If the people weren’t happy, they’d rebel against their government. People are just too afraid nowadays it seems and the three-way party system is nothing but a circus show. I’ve applied for jobs; no one would take me on. I’ve applied for apprenticeships; no one would take me on. So explain to me, how does one make something of one’s self? I applied to join the police a few months ago but received a letter a few days ago refusing me an appointment. Ignore what I’ve written here, they can’t read minds. Perhaps if they had accepted me my future could’ve turned out much differently – it would’ve given me the hope, the confidence and the belonging I have always yearned for. I wasn’t expecting anything less though. Maybe it was just a dream and that it will always remain. And so in my short life, I have not once been given the opportunity to fulfil my potential and it seems at the age of nineteen my only other option is to turn to benefits. What kind of life is that? After all those years of planning, all those sleepless nights, this is where I find myself. Alone and playing video games day in, day out in order to turn a blind eye at my impending fate and the horrible reality that I live in. Even on the internet though, I am nothing. Sometimes I wonder if I was born in the wrong time and that perhaps I should have been born a thousand years ago, when things were a lot simpler. Sometimes I think that someone has been watching over me and has led me to this conclusion. Well, if so, they have succeeded… I am a failure. But, I do believe that all things happen for a reason, whether that be to teach us something, to make us stronger, to punish us, etc. and at least now, I know my place in the world and I believe it’s time to sleep and to never awaken.Finally, the time has come to say, that I have given up on humanity, I have given up all hope of anything changing significantly, I believe this reality to be a joke and isn’t worthy of someone like me and I keep thinking that if I was given the power to destroy, what would I do with that power? I would baptise the world in flame and spit on the corpses of the ones who have turned the world into their own personal playgrounds, that is what I would do. I keep thinking to myself that if I had a significant other, would I still go ahead with this? I really don’t think I would. But, living life alone isn’t for me. I have the love of my small family, that I should be grateful for, but that’s nothing compared to the love of someone who isn’t of your blood. And oh! I’ll die a virgin. No, I’m serious, I never saw that coming. I always vowed that I wouldn’t allow myself to die without first experiencing the warm embrace of another but I can’t even be spared that humility. I’m taking a rather “casual” approach to this, if I’m being honest, well, maybe not too casual up to this point but believe me, with every word I write, I’m thinking that if I’m going out, I’m going out laughing. And it’s really quite sad, I bet there’s so many people here that would make good friends. I just wish I’d thought about that before and well, maybe I’m too late. I guess I’ve thought about this too much though, so it is set in stone. Nothing will change my mind, not even all the money in the world. I don’t fancy swallowing bleach but it seems so readily available and easy to get hold of. If possible, it’ll be a cyanide capsule or the drug overdose that I’ll go for. Things that aren’t that easy to obtain though, unfortunately.I have a few things to take care of first. First, I’m going to cut myself down to one meal a day (I want to be fit for when I die), second, I will help my mum with the chores everyday, no more luxury for me, and third, I’ll wait for my grandmother to pass before I do anything. She’s been through enough already and I’m not that evil. Besides that the only other thing keeping me here right now is my mum. I have talked to her about this and I think she understands but really, she doesn’t want me to do it. I couldn’t expect any less, she’s a mother and I’m her child. She herself suffers depression. As does my sister but they have it under control I think. I wouldn’t exactly say that I suffer from it as I find all this fairly humorous, if I’m being perfectly honest. A few years ago I would laugh at people who had just given up but here I am “giving up” and I can finally understand now why people take their own lives. It’s just sad that younger people than I have went through with it but still, I understand.We all must live and play by the hand we’ve been dealt.So, that concludes my little farewell to the world, I guess. Unless anyone comments something that I feel I need to reply to, I bid you all a hearty farewell. I hope if you’ve managed to read through it all that you’ve found it entertaining – I won’t hold that against you if you have and for those that are also considering ending the torment, I hope you find the peace you seek in the after life and may you find many great fortunes in those lands above or below.May we all.