life is a bitch, can you help?Hi everyone!Ok. I know there have been probably a ton of posts like mine, but I just want to share my thoughts and maybe someone can say something, anything that can help me.This is my first time on any of the forums like this. I'm at the point where I can't take life as it is anymore, and I'm not even on PMS.I'm 35, and if you see me on the street, you will probably think - that's a pretty, fashionable, confident, fit woman. I have been told that I am very good-looking, I take good care of my body, I workout regularly, some say I have a body of 25 year old, I don't look anything near 35, I know fashion, I dress always nicely, I am witty, try to be funny, I am well-mannered and educated, although right now I have problems with my job.Now the negatives - my dad hanged himself when I was 16 after losing all our money in casino, I have been a main provider for my mom and me since then, when my mom was very depressed, she was dating numerous alcoholics and finally had cancer, so I watched her die slowly and in horrible pain and torture, I was the only one taking care for her, there was no palliative care. At that time I was married, my now ex-husband was not 100% supportive, I tried to be a good wife, but after my mom died I went into depression and our marriage fell apart. My ex and me moved into a new city before divorce, I got my life here but not many friends, in fact very few. I'm an introvert and it's hard for me to make lots of friends. After divorce I started dating and had 2 relationships, the last one when my boyfriend disappeared after a fight and doesn't return my txts (I am not bombarding him with txts or calls or stalking him, but I am nicely trying to find out why and what happened). I have connected with him and we made plans for the future, including business and marriage, and now everything is crushed. This has been very hard on me because I really cared for him, but I found out he was lying to me and confronted him (it wasn't about another woman or anything like that), after that we had an argument, he never admitted to his lies and just stopped all communication with me. I know this took a toll on me really badly. But in reality I do not see any purpose in living. Im tired of making friendships that do not last, trying to date men that do not last, I have no family, my job is falling apart right now, and quite frankly, I am extremely heartbroken about the fact that my boyfriend just disappeared on me. Saying that, if you look at my instagram - you will see a pretty going out girl, drinking champagne, dancing in the clubs, taking pictures of cocktails and flowers in the food or sunbathing on the beaches of sunny places. I spend money on travelling and shoes, these are the only things that make me happy lately. Inside I'm sad and crushed. Sometimes I do light drugs to make me feel better, but not often. I am not rich, but my brain allows me to make for a more or less good living.ÊI live in a big city full of cold-hearted people, and the one kind-hearted person just disappeared on me. I can't help but think something is wrong with me. I try to be nice and kind to people, always trying to put myself in their shoes, yet I can say no when I have to.ÊI have been through so much sh*t in my life that I have no idea how to get out of another failure and I have no desire. I have researched a lot of forums on this subject, I might postpone yet again, but for how long, and is it worth it?