15 and it seems as if dying is my only optionI'd like to begin by saying that yes, I do realize that my problems pale in comparison to most others in my situation and no, I do not have a valid reason to kill myself and I'm a little shit for contemplating it. But quite frankly...I don't care. I don't feel as if I need such a justification. Anyways, on to the story.As the title states I am 15 years old. I suppose you could say that the depression and occasional numbness I get that I hide on a daily basis stems from my parents and a general love/hate sorta relationship with life, along with plain old boredom. As for my parents, well...it's possible that they do mean well but they are quite simply terrible, terrible parents. Upon realizing that I self-harm and so does my best friend, they promptly take my cell phone, force me to cut all contact with that person, and completely isolate me from each and every one of my friends. No going out, no talking to people, no Skype, no playing video games with anyone. They've always been very anti-friends for whatever reason and prior to finding out about that I am a cutter they already greatly restricted my access to such things. This just makes me feel absolutely terrible since I end up being constantly alone and having to turn down invites to hanging out and such. I'd usually cut and end up crying myself to sleep when that happened. But I could deal with all that, since I had my best friend. She made everything better. She'd go through tough times herself too, and we'd be able to solve things together. I love her. In fact, I fell in love with her too and she had feelings for me as well at some point but that's another story. After my parents took my phone, we could no longer talk every day and I had to resort to using Skype IM to contact her. The worst part was that we had both agreed to stop cutting before that happened and everything would have been okay. Ever since then we've been talking less and less and I feel ourselves drifting away. She is (or perhaps was) the only person who truly cared about me and loved me for who I am in the entire world. The only one who would genuinely feel bad if I killed myself. And now, these past few weeks or so we've barely talked at all and each time I think about that and how things were between us before I just want to die. She's found other people now, I guess. After my parents found out that I wanted to kill myself after reading through my messages between me and her after promising not to (the ultimate invasion of privacy) they said some pretty mean stuff (they're always mean, yelling and name-calling and such. Nothing is ever good enough.) including telling me to "just kill myself already" and calling me a "psycho" for cutting, etc. They also said some horrible fucking things about my best friend that made me question their sanity including "I hope she cuts too deep next time and kills herself". It's gotten to the point where I dread coming home after school because I know I'll end up feeling really bad and crying. Weekends are especially bad since I'm locked at home with nothing to do, no one to talk to. I used to love weekends. Anyways...besides all that stuff there's also the fact that I'm a junior in high school at 15 years of age and I've had my childhood and teenage years robbed from me by my parents. I was forced to skip a grade at a younger age for reasons unknown and my parents forcibly enrolled me part time at my local state university this year. I'm already enrolled full time next year, meaning I'll be 16 and in college with absolute strangers who are all years and years older than me. Whenever I go there now for part time enrollment I end up going to class and then sitting down somewhere and just being sad until my parents drive over and pick me up (fashionably late of course, they usually wait 2-4 hours before picking me up after class ends and they refuse to allow me to even get a permit for driving until I turn 18). Is it too much to want to finish my 12th year of high school as a normal fucking person? Why is it never enough for them, no matter what I do? There's no end to this bullshit, there's no way I can live for another 3 years under their legal control feeling this way. I think that's enough on my parents. As for the rest, well...I'm just bored with what life has to offer so far. I'm one of those persons who love to go on adventures and do crazy, dangerous, and life-threatening shit with friends although I never quite get the opportunity to do any of that stuff due to my parents. I have no fear of death whatsoever, quite the opposite in fact. I welcome the idea of death. I keep hoping I'll get in an accident so I won't have to do it myself. I know I'll get to do a lot of that stuff later in life if I so choose but it all seems too far away and the path to that way of life is hard and paved with difficulties. I don't see how life is worth living. I have no more reasons left to live, my last reason died with my prior best friend's faded friendship. What's the point? Life's just gonna fuck us over in the end. I haven't even experienced anything worth killing myself over and yet I'm pretty set on doing it anyways. How am I going to deal with more serious problems in the future? The answer is simple to me. I won't.Not sure why I'm even posting this here, I guess I just want to talk to someone.Sorry if that all appears really disjointed, it's 3am and I can't sleep as always.Thanks for reading c: