On the edge but terrifiedScaredI’m not old. I’m definitely not bad looking. I make a lot of people happy. I’m meant to be in the prime of my life at 24. I’ve had some great experiences and not many excuses for bad ones. People see me as interesting, talented and full of life. I feel like it’s all a lie. I know that everyone feels like they’re cheating the system but I know I’ve been doing it for a long time. For at least the past 7 years I have seriously contemplated not being here any more. The only thing that stops me is the pain my family would go through and the lack of understanding. It’s like I need to deserve to want to die. I can’t speak about it to anybody. I can barely talk about the depression I experience constantly, because it just doesn’t seem believable to anybody. I’m always the sunniest funniest person around. I am also the saddest and most angry person I know. I can’t be around people but I also can’t be alone. I can’t take disappointing the people around me, and my family are always disappointed no matter what I do. I distract myself with stupid things to prevent hearing the real issues in my head. Every time I try to reason through them, I break down and I can’t move. When I cry I can’t seem to stop. I hate myself and the lack of respect I have had for this shell I’ve been given. I don’t like what I’ve become and no matter how clean the slate is, it’s never really going to change.Even though I know it has to happen soon, I’m really scared about my last moments being in pain or failing somehow and having to live in far worse pain. I am sentimental but not religious. I would like to go peacefully and if not positively, then at least as neutral as possible. I also don’t want any drama or my family to suspect any more than me disappearing. I want to go far away into a forest or a beach (somewhere natural) and put myself to my end quickly. I want to sleep and never wake up. But death, it seems, doesn’t happen easily. Your life will always put up a fight even if you don’t. I’m so ready to stop everything but I just don’t know how to do it. I know I will be free and happy if I can end it. I’ve been running for so long and it turns out I’v been running from my own life. Time to stop and accept Death.