Long time since I've felt like this.First off, don't feel disheartened reading this if you're at the beginning of your help.As much as I feel awful, I know it's been worse. In all honesty, feeling like I do now and knowing I'm still here is making me realise how strong I was to not do anything in the past.I haven't been tempted with thoughts of suicide for a long time.ÊI can't quite pin down how many years. Just under ten I'd say. It was from the ages of 13-15 that I was my worst.I had thoughts of hoping I'd come to a misfortune, but they were fleeting. Day or two at most.I've had a bit of a relapse. Through various pressures home/work/money/relationships/rent, I've just hit back down to how I was. Not my rock-bottom, but my old usual level.There's a bottle of wine and half a bottle of vodka left in the kitchen, and thank the Gods I know better than to drink them.ÊI tried to reach out. I was texting my partner since yesterday afternoon literally begging them to come to my house. It's really out of character for me to be like that. I guess it scared them, they would wait a minimum of an hour to reply.ÊMaybe if I'd admitted that I was feeling these urges they would have come over.ÊI just didn't know how to tell someone who means that much to me that I was considering leaving forever.Even in the past, I never really did. I think I maybe told my mother after coming home ridiculously late one night. I'd been at a possible suicide attempt. I kept thinking about who would find me though. How much that would ruin their life, and that I'd just be passing my pain onto another person in a way. That's the only thing that stops me. If I knew I wouldn't be found. If there was like a magical way to do it, which would leave no remains, I would have done it. Back then, and probably today.In the end there was some sort of agreement set up with the police, that if I wasn't home a certain amount of time after school etc, they'd go out looking for me.ÊI've been in bed all day. Just sitting there. I noticed that one of my severe warning signs were back. When I just grab at my thighs and upper arms and slowly pull, or twist the skin. So I guess I at least know what to watch out for.ÊBeing so aware is almost making it worse though. Now that I've been through it all and have had such a long period of neutral I am so aware of everything that I'm doing and I know what it means now.ÊI'm just kinda scared stupid. I have no idea how I pulled myself out of all of that last time. I was a kid. I did stupid things. I ended up self-medicating and dropped a shoe size. My body won't last that happening a second time.I can't tell my family. They live over an hour away and they're so busy. I wouldn't want them to think it's all happening all over again. As much as I have these strong urges, I have this equal side just telling me I can't. That I should work out what to do. I'm trying to focus purely on that one. A few of my problems are completely out of my control though.I just wanted my partner there, but they've never known me ill. After the way they were talking today saying that they had no idea what was going on with me, why was I acting that way, what was so wrong, I kinda feel like I've lost them too now.ÊIronically this would be the first time I've felt like this and not been trying to push someone away.ÊI've spent the whole day trying to calm myself down and read self-awareness articles, it's just not really helped. Though it has toned down a little. It's more coming in waves now.I never thought I'd feel like this again. I feel like I've let myself down and just wasted all of the years I spent on getting better. On the plus side, minus my skin pulling and twisting, I haven't fallen back into any old self harm habits.Has this happened to anyone else?ÊDid you manage to get back up again?ÊWhat helped?Kinda desperate here. So don't worry if it's something small. The small things are sometimes the ones with the biggest effects.