I\'m in a very dark placeDarI never liked myself, respected myself, or gave two cents about myself since I were 12. The sad thing is I still don’t. I were the kind of person that gave my all to others and just wanted to help everyone that I came encounter with. I didn’t look for anything in return, but love and loyalty. But when it was my turn to receive help, there was no one. All of a sudden everyone was too busy or I didn’t get your text or I’m sorry I missed your call! Do you still need to talk? But through it all, I kept a smile on my face and I kept being that friend, that shoulder, that supporter. Growing up my mom hated me and sometimes I feel that she still does, I was raped by family members, my first time having sex with a man was my cousin! Why, because he raped me! And when my mom found out, she blamed me! Said that I was seeking attention. I was in a domestic violence relationship for over 10 years, he also gave me herpes, and stole and cheated on me our whole relationship. But I never gave up on him, I stayed by his side faithful and all. just for him to leave me and start another family. And now my stupid ass is still in love with him and wants him back badly, I still sleep with him whenever he wants in hopes of winning him back. My credit is messed up, no one cared enough to teach me the importance of it. I make luckily 500-600 a month, lost two apartments in less than 6 months, had three cars repo’d. I have gained hell of weight, nobody wants me and I am just not happy. Having been for a good part of my life, I have also thought about ending my life, but I’m scared of going to hell. Even though I feel like I’m already living in hell, and I came to this site, because I had another break down and they are starting to be more frequent. I’m just tired of living like this, counseling doesn’t help, medication doesn’t work. I have no real person to talk to, or someone that won’t be judgmental and just listen to me. My older brother getting remarried and our relationship hasn’t been the same for a while, it seems like nothing matter to him but his soon to be wife. My younger brother is married and he just let his wife control everything that our relationship is not the same. Me and my dad relationship has fallen a part. Y’all already know about me and my moms relationship, cousins I use to be close to I’m not. I have no one! I just feel like it’ll be better if I wasn’t here, it’s not like I’ll be missed.