Please help, happy relationship is brokenI am in pieces, i am in so much pain and don't want to continue anymore.I have been in a loving strong relationship for 12 years with a loving and caring man who always did everything for me and my son (from the previous marriage). We loved each other so so much. All my friends always used to say how happy and lucky i am. We were one happy family. We had plans for children and wedding. We did everything together. he never let go of me, we were so in love all these years! 2 years ago my mother died and it threw me into a horrible depression and stressful times. I had to stop working as i was a total wreck , got panic attacks and my health deteriorated. At the same time my partner's company didnt do well so there were problems with salaries and we were struggling financially as well. Also the death of my mother had a huge impact on my son (age 18) who was living with her. Because of him falling into horrible depression we were having really hard time, i tried everything to make things better but he became aggressive and we always ended up having arguments. It would hurt me so much and i would become stressed and sad and depressed which reflected on my partner on daily basis. He was always telling me things will get better, and that he will do everything to sort problems and make us all feel better. At the start of this year he got a new job and things suddenly improved, we paid off all the debts, and made new plans and were so looking forward to the future. I was still struggling with my son and with my depression but i was feeling much better. My partner went abroad on business trip last week. Absolutely everything was perfect and loving up to that point. He stayed abroad 5 days. The last 2 days when we spoke on the phone i felt something wasnt right, and then he said we have to talk when he comes back. That was on saturday night. I was crying and begging him to tell me what happened, he just said we will talk, but i feared the worst! Since saturday i didn't sleep except a few hours last night only because i took several sleeping pills and i havent had a meal since Saturday. He came back on Monday and i found out he got involved with his co-worker and said he got feelings for her. I collapsed on the sofa couldnt breathe and burst into hysterical cry. He tried to calm me down and said he didnt expect this to happen. Said he has been under so much stress and that everything he tried to do to help me feels like he failed me. He says he loves me and loves my son, he says he cares for me, but he also says he has these new feelings for someone else and that he is confused and doesnt know what to think. He hugs me and says he loves me and he even cried while we were talking.I cry 24 hours a day. I feel horrible pain and emptiness. When i talk to him i tell him to remember everything what we planned , children , marriage , to remember good times, i told him i want to make him happy and i want to fix the problem. I told him not to throw away our 12 years. Only a few weeks ago when i had my birthday he made it so perfect. I got a card where it says - "thank you for 12 wonderful years and all the love and i am looking forward to the next 12 years to make them even more beautiful" He bought a beautiful cake, surprised me with several things throughout the day. The week before he left on business trip we made love and he was keep saying he cant live without me. It was wonderful like always.And then out of the blue this horrible thing happened. How?? Why?? Can someone explain i am so broken ((( He only saw this person twice. They only communicate via internet. All i know so far is that it was all business talk until one day when there were some problems with her and people in the office going against her , something to do with work and my partner was the only one to calm situation and to be on her side and she got hooked to that i guess. And that she said she has feeling for him. And he said he only got feelings for her when he saw her last week.Is it possible to save my relationship? I can't let 12 years vanish into a thin air, he is my future, my soulmate, my life and i love him so much! (((Since saturday i am just getting worse and worse, i just want to die. I am so heartbroken. He always used to tell me he would never hurt me, and i can trust him. And i trusted him. I just felt secure and loved. I really felt loved! Today i am in so much emotional pain i looked in my medicine cabinet what i have so i can take my own life. I found sleeping pills i checked what is the lethal dose and i have more than enough. They are sitting next to me and i am crying so much while writing this as if i cant save our relationship i have to end my pain. I do want to fight this, i want to save 12 years, but i am so scared it will not happen, i am so scared!  I want this pain to stop and as much as i want to take these pills today i am scared to do it. I am so broken (((Thank you for reading 