Hey, for what it's worthHey, Gravi here waiting until I say something stupid enough to get me banned. Give me a week. I'm an old man (32) and have been suicidal to various degrees for 18 years. Whether you call what I tried a few years ago a suicide attempt, well, that's your call. Basic idea, I'm an old man. I've always been waiting for the promised day when things would get better. You know, the day where I find my people at least to the point of not being completely isolated. I used to believe that it would get better someday: middle school will suck, but high school will be better. Believe when the family says that. High school will suck, but college will be better. Believe that too. Oops, didn't get into a good one, but the top-tier one transferred into after a year will be better. Huh, nope, all the same. I guess grad will be better, as I've been told. Nope, time to give up and drop out. So after the whole list here I'm back with living with my parents, at least 50 grand in the hole for college, and unemployable at 32 (a math/physics bachelor's with some grad math and multiple upper-division comp sci classes isn't enough to get a job at warehouses or Price Chopper, evidently) and always hearing from my family and psychiatrist that I'm more or less a leeching piece of shit (yes, I get called a leech by my psychiatrist despite the fact that I put in a bunch of job apps and those three employment agencies aren't panning out) and that it's this horrible, selfish thing to ever think that I should ever not be miserable. You know, as my psychiatrist said, nature doesn't care if I'm always unhappy so I should just suck it up and live with the fact that I'm miserable all the time, or as my dad says nobody is ever happy until retirement, so it's 30 years minimum (probably 45+) before I'm looking at any sort of satisfaction with life...I'm sorry, I'm just being whiny at this point, half due to being a pathetic little bitch and half due to being drunk (only reason I'd drop by a forum like this instead of spending my night wondering if now is the time). I've picked up drinking lately, especially since it seems those nice little drugs for OCD and depression are doing exactly nothing. I've stopped taking them entirely, but...the funny thing is I feel no different. It's always looking pretty damn dark. The lie was always made that someday it would be better, but now everybody's just dropping all their pretenses and saying flat-out that I need to shut up and just live life this way forever. This can't happen. So yeah, I'm in kind of a perpetual crisis state right here...Sorry again for being a little whiner.