ventingideki just need a place to vent and type whatever i want anonymously. these will be very rapid fire and intermittent, so it will be all over the place.i just need someone to pay attention to me. it seems like a lot of people going through this last phase of idealization just need attention. it’s the last cry of help, the determining factor of whether or not it’s better off just to do it or if life is actually worth living. i’ve had depression since about the time i graduated high school 6 years ago. during this time, i find life really boring and nothing really interests me. and, if something does, i become uninterested shortly thereafter. i have no skills. i’m not intelligent. i have no career plans. i have no future. i’m going to live my life, job to job, and not do anything great with my life. i would love to, but again i have neither the skill nor intelligence to do so. music is my passion and has been my entire life. it is the one thing that i would consider living for and making a living out of, but i hate everything that i make. it can always be better. i’m also a very jealous and envious person, so i’m always comparing myself to great musicians and always wondering why i can’t make the same great music as them. i hate my voice. i hate my gender. i hate my life. i hate everything. i hate that i’m in love with a celebrity and that nothing can nor ever will come out of it. i hate being a gay man. i hate being a man in general. i wish i were a woman. i feel like i should try transitioning to a woman and seeing if that affects anything. but that would involve so much work. i would need a real job; the job i’m working now is under the table and the way i get paid is illegal, but it is good money. i would need insurance, but my family is very poor so none of us have insurance and i am ‘under the radar’ with no tax history. i have today to pack up all of my belongings and tomorrow to move out and i don’t even have a new place to live lined up to move all of my stuff to. i have to leave it somewhere, either at my place of work or in a storage unit until i find a new place to live. i just don’t want to deal with shit anymore. the best moments of my life are when i’m dreaming, and i just want to dream forever. i’m always tired and never get enough sleep. i believe i have dspd, so i don’t get tired until after 2 am and i have to wake up at 9 am, and i just need more than 7 hours of sleep to function. i usually end up staying up until 3 am or 4, and then the next day just sucks. i can barely do my job correctly and i just feel like more of an idiot that i already know i am. last night, i had one of the most amazing dreams of my life and it was so difficult and depressing to wake up from that to a world where none of those good things exist in. i had no responsibilites and i had a love in my life. i have no one to love. my family and friends say they love me, but i just don’t feel it. the only boyfriend i had, i did not love. and i did not feel love from him, even though he showed it very frequently and strongly. i don’t want to hurt my friends and family, but i’m at a point where i’m so fucking selfish that i don’t even know if i care about that or not. i know i do, but fuck. this just sucks so much. i just hate everything. so many people like me, but no one knows of how bad i can feel and that all i want to do is just sleep forever and not feel anything. i hate falling in love because you start to feel elated and the higher you go the harder you fall. i hate the fall. it hurts so much and i just don’t ever want to deal with it again, but my stupid brain can’t turn off a love switch or anything. i have to feel love, even though i don’t want to. i just don’t want to feel anything. i want to be numb and go to sleep forever. i hate being tired. i hate everything. i sometimes wish that an airplane engine would fall on my house or a drunk driver would hit me so at least i wouldn’t have to explain a suicide. my parents already know of my mental state, and they care, but i just don’t want to deal with anything anymore. seriously, this life fucking blows. and i have to admit that i’m scared of death. i know that, in this universe at least, the one constant rule is that everything has to change. and changes occur in cycles. i believe that life is a cycle, and that i will probably be reborn into something or someone else. and i don’t want that. i’m also scared that hell exists, and that committing suicide on top of being homosexual just guarantees your entrance to that. i don’t want hell to exist. i don’t even want heaven to exist. i just want to enter a dream state forever, where i don’t have to worry about eating or drinking or going to a shitty job that i don’t care about. i don’t have any passions anymore. fewer things are making me happy or excited. there was a period in time before this where i was very excited and happy about life. i was recording music, but after listening to it again, it was nothing special. everyone tells me i’m so talented but i feel like they’re lying. there’s no way that the music i make is worth anything. it is just so generic. i don’t know how music works and i don’t know how to read or write it. i just wish i was good at something or smart enough to have gone to school and start a career in science or something that would constantly keep me busy and interested. whenever i’m not at work, i come home and sit at the computer until it is time to go to sleep. i don’t even do anything productive, i just refresh all social media pages, hoping that something or someone will talk to me. but then i don’t want to talk to someone. i hate being contradictory. i hate not having any ideas of my own and not being able to do anything for myself. my dad always wanted me to be a leader but i grew up to be a follower. i’m independent but constantly need someone to tell me what to do or how to do things. i’m just not smart enough to do anything on my own. i just hate who i am. i just wish i was someone who i could like and admire, but i pity myself. i hate myself. i hate the person i’ve become. i hate how i look. i hate how i sound. even if i were to become a woman, i would have to do something about this shittily sounding low male voice. it’s so dull and boring and manly.i feel like all of that could have been organized a lot better, but i just don’t care anymore. i’m in such a self-loathing mood that i don’t even care how all of this shit is presented. i think the only thing that will help me now is if i call my mom and tell her of all this shit and move in with her for a while. or something. i just need a break from responsibility, which is the saddest thing for a young adult to say because life is full of responsibility and you will not always be able to escape it so easily. i’m such a fucking piece of shit coward. i hate myself.