Eye disease, poverty, hard live.StruggleHi,I’m from Brazil, 24 years old and my whole life was hard and this is my srory:I was born in São Paulo (it’s like Brazilian version of New York) in some of the poorest slum of the city called Paraisopolis. A “favela” we call it. My mother and father did their best to rise my brothers and I.When I was about 12 I was the smartest boy in school, and I had a passed through bad public schools. I think that I’m just intelligent. Maybe that’s the problem (you’ll understand later). At the same time our family was passing through hard times, because my father lost his job. I use to borrow coins to buy food. I remember that we passed weeks only eating beans. I was young to exactly understand everything. I just lived my life. But one day I caught my mother crying and that changed something in me.After my father get a job this settle right for a while. I didn’t care about being poor. I just want those damn Nike shoes that other boys had. I use to steer at the store wondering about wearing these shoes.A couple years later we moved to a country town. Things were better. I found music in my life! I use to Rap about my problems and made myself some name around the city. I was the popular dude in school and everything was okay for a couple years.When I was at the last year in school I started to have a blurry vision. I was reproved in school. The doctors didn’t know exactly what I had. The I quit school at the last year so I could work and pay for my treatment and medical stuff.I had this job at an five star hotel, and the Nike idea started to came back. It was hard to watch all these rich people by the pool while I was struggling to take their drinks to them. Trying to not bump in something because I had a bad vision.This job had an medical support (I don’t know how to call it in English) I think it’s medical insurance whatever. If I worked for 3 months I could have a free good doctor that could make a surgery in my eyes (I was almost blind at this time). I was using public hospitals (here they are horrible, you should way like 3 or 4 hours to talk to a doctor and the exams have a wait for like 4 or 5 months). What kept my hope was the fact that in a couple months I would have a good medical support. The ironic thing was that when I was close to complete the time to use my medical support my doctor at the public hospital discovered that I have uveitis. It’s an inflammatory disease in the eye and it doesn’t have a cure. That’s when my world started to end.The hardest thing is : I can’t retire for incapacity because I’m “not blind enough” that’s what they said. I tried several times and the benefit was always denied. There are no glasses that would make me see better. With medication I can read and write but I can’t take a bus if I’m alone.I still making rap and that’s what saved my life so far.After 9 months working in the hotel they fired me. At the time I wasn’t taking that medication so my sight was very bad. I only recognize people by their silluete, clothes and voice. I even learned braille.I had no job to help my family, no graduation and a bad sight.Like I wrote before, I’m an smart dude so I thought my self English (I learned it playing videogames and watching movies) and I tought myself keys. I stared to make some money selling beats over the Internet. But I never had the thing that other producers got.This post is getting g too long so the thing is :I had a pretty hard life. I struggled so hard to keep me away from wrong things and always, always helped a lot of people. I’m a good person, I don’t deserve it! Today I live from what I earn with music. But I don’t make that much. It’s desperating when the bills arrive. From time to time I have to see a doctor and they always say that they can’t help me. I can’t take too much medication or I can have other issues.I don’t want to be the handicap son that gives his mother more preoccupation than she have. My mother got Vein problem in her head too. I don’t want her to worry about me.I wish I could die so I can rest.I’m sad, I’m don’t want to be a failure, but it’s hard. It’s hard to look at all the healthy people out there. It’s hard to look at the wealthy people out there.Jealousy it’s part of my life, and I can’t get rid of it