For those in pain.ChaseHello my name is chase and I am 18. I would like to say thank you to the ones who read this…I have been one this web site ever since there was only 8 pages of stories. I have look threw a lot and commented on some trying to give people hope but the truth is I can’t even give myself any. I was given a type of depression I can’t even start to explain about. It has its beautiful moments but most of the time it’s bad…really…bad. I think about suicide almost everyday for the past 5 years now and every day I ask myself the same question, why am I still alive? Life has granted me such luxuries but they feel fake and too good to be true. I should not complain about life because I was given a good one. I was not abused or put down very much but yet I feel the way I do. Why? I also ask myself why do I keep going in life, maybe it’s because I’m waiting for something or someone to give me a sign but I’m always let down so why do I keep waiting? I don’t know why, but all I can do is have hope.I have seen both the good and bad on this sight. I have seen people sign there lives away and I have seen people find a new begging. I have seen people’s stories on this sight that I have taken to heart and so have other people. I remember when I found this sight I was looking for someone who cared about me and did I find it? Yes. I found people just like me when I thought I was alone in this. I care about the people on this sight as if they were my closest friends. I love all of you and I don’t even know you. I don’t know why people have to feel all this pain but I know it makes us stronger in a way.It’s like are hearts have layers of calluses and every time something bad happens another layer is added till it gets so hard to feel anything anymore. I miss feeling alright because the truth is I don’t know if I am. But you want to know what gives me hope? You, You give me hope because I know I am not alone in this world and neither are you. Together we can fight and stand as one because I care about you. That may be hard to understand or believe but I truly do.When I came on this sight about who know knows how long ago I was looking for an easy way out,Something that could give me a painless death. I found this sight to be helpful but not for its suicide methods but for the stories. You all are insperational. I have stopped looking at what I don’t have and what I do have in life. I’m not saying I’m better than you in any way shape or form because you are all special and have a gift and a purpose in life you just may not see it yet.I don’t know where my hope comes from and I sure as hell don’t know why I’m still breathing because today I wished I wasn’t. It gets like that sometimes, some days more than others but all I have left is hope. Now you could curse my words, hell you could straight up ignore them but I hope I’m helping you in some way if you have read this far.You want to know what my goal in life is? To save at least one life because it saves me in a way. I just wish all of you could see how amazing you all are. I know that this post will probably be seen by few and for those who read it will forget all about it, but I hope that it makes you think twice about killing yourself because it is not painless but kills me too.I lastly want to say that I came here looking for a easy way out, found a family just like me instead.Take care everyone and may peace come to mind.Much love -chase.I care about you.ChaseI’m so fuckin tired of finding a reason to live, when all I’m doing is waiting for my legs to give. I’m trying my best god don’t shun me away, all my feelings fucked up at the end of the day. Thinking about suicide, it’s always on my mind, no fucking respect for me being humble and kind. The dead walking around with out a word to speak, people always looken at me like I’m some kind of freak. My pain is deep with no where to go, the scares on my wrist are beginning to show. I’m just a man with this dumb ass dream, that life isn’t as bad as the world may seem. I’m getting so tired, so tired to walk, my voice is getting tired, to tired to talk. So I walk this world sad and alone, wishen I had someone, just someone to phone. My scares are getting deeper, to deep to fix, life is just to complicated with all its tricks. I’m getting sick, to sick to feel, forget that with time, all will heal. So I raise my head up till its high, got only one question, the question is why. But with all this pain comes reales, some day I know I will find, true peace. For life may be down now and I’m outta the race, but I’m not giving up so I rest my case. Fuck this world and fuck this life, always thinking about cutting down with a knife. Fuck this place, fuck this feeling, rather die standing then bowing down kneeling. Fuck this universe, fuck this home, I express my feelings threw this poem. That things may be down now and may seem bad, but there’s so much more joy to be had. We get so caught up on the pain and sorrow, that we forget that there even is a tomorrow. So let today be a reales from your pain, that you never need that bullet to the brain. Put down your razors and come with me, there’s so much of the world, you need to see. Untie that rope and step off that chair, don’t you know there’s someone out there to care. Drop those pills and listen here, life starts now and there’s nothing to fear…Take care everyoneMuch love -chase