Falling ApartFor the past 5 years, my life has been unraveling, and I'm now at the point where I can only see one way out. In that time, I've lost both of my parents, lost contact with both of brothers, spent nearly $300,000 in inheritance with nothing to show for it, was homeless for almost a year, went to jail for 4 1/2 months and then again, twice, within a week of each other, for violations of my probation. I have no friends, I can't get a job, I have no money (literally not even enough to buy smokes or put gas in my car). My daughter, the love of my life, wants nothing to do with me. I can't sleep; I'm usually up until 4 or 5 in the morning and then wind up either just staying up or sleeping well into the next day. I literally do nothing from the time I wake up until the time I go to sleep. I sometimes sit and play games on my computer for hours and hours on end. I used to be a voracious reader; I would sometimes read a book a day. Now I've not read a single book since I was released from jail on Christmas Eve because I can't seem to concentrate.ÊThe man I live with, and with whom I've been in a relationship for 15 years, has gone from being kind of a jerk to outright abusive. When he arrives home from work, he goes in his room (we now have separate ones) and locks the door. He won't open it for me, and sometimes won't even answer when I talk to him through the door. When we do meet up in the house, he won't talk to me or answer me if I talk to him. If he does speak, it's to tell me to go away, leave him alone, whatever. He makes fun of me, calls me crazy, accuses me of being high, tells me that he never said or did things that he absolutely did. And then, faking concern, asks me if I think I might need some psychiatric help because I keep "imagining" that he's said and done these things. It's difficult to describe just how awful he - and living here - can be. I desperately want to move out but I have no funds to do it with, and nowhere to go.I'm desperately unhappy. I cry every day. I can't find any help. Every website on mental health and therapists seems to just link to more websites with more useless advice. I miss my daughter terribly. I've lost interest in doing anything, going anywhere, trying to work, everything. I just feel like it's over for me......