Apprenticeship chaos________________________________________I decided to share my problem with all of you as I fail to get the appropriate insight on how to turn the tables on my current job conditions or to see how I should take it to the next level.First of all some background info. I live in south eastern Spain, right next to the Mediterranean. It's a lovely spot and I moved here 3 years ago, I've been working on and off as a waiter, I'm 27 and I did 2 years of Industrial Design at college, a degree I didn't finish so I have no qualifications apart from that, hence the bar jobs.I stumbled across an apprenticeship in Cabinet Making, which is something I've always been interested in thanks to my design background, and I was itching to get a job with proper Mon-Fri and 8 hour shifts, which this is, to have the extra time available on weekends, which you don't get as a waiter, where shifts are from opening hours to closing hours. On several occasions I have worked for 5-6 euros an hour a total of 14-16 hours without breaks and with one day off a week. It's expected, but since my work contracts showed a 40h per week limit, it's not lawful. Everyone does it though.My employer made it clear it was an apprenticeship and though the contract showed an 800 euro a month remuneration he stated it wasn't possible at the time and I'd be payed around half of that, he explicitly said 400 euros. That was the last I saw of any conditions regarding the contract. I am working without it, and I agreed because I didn't want to loose the possibility of learning this trade. This has carried me down a slope of uncertainty, as we are currently 3 staff (father, son (boss) and me, the apprentice) and every time my boss mentions getting new workers he adds that my position is in jeopardy.It started off fairly nicely a couple of months ago, I got assignments unrelated to work orders, carried them out, was given the possibility of repeating them when I wasn't happy with the results (I'm extremely critical with my own work) and in general the feedback was that the work was good, though slow. As of late my assignments are unconnected, part of the work-load they do, even fixing errors of theirs, and it seems as though they have lost interest in showing me any knowledge regarding the job. I've been deemed un-sharp by these guys and I truly feel I'm being misjudged, I carry out the tasks I'm given and do my best, but it's never enough.I mean, cabinet making isn't rocket science. I don't mean I'd be better off at playing with the physics of reaction engines, it isn't my strong suit, but regarding what they do I know I'm more than suited to eventually surpass their savoir-faire and improve their business greatly.I feel they're pinching me to get me on track, but I'm not sure. Lately my work capability has improved as I get more confident with my hands and the tasks at bay, but as I felt the curve going upward, it deadened down and they started talking about not knowing what to do with me next year. In November I received sparse and little remuneration that didn't amount to the 400 euros I was told, even more so this month of December when the only money I've seen were 10 measly euros I got as a tip from a customer when we worked at his house, while he pocketed more than a 1000 and smiled at me. It's really getting to me but I find it hard to ask for what I consider mine when my very job position is in doubt. I don't want to loose this job, I've got support from my family as I learn the trade, but obviously I do want to become independent and support myself as soon as possible.About my employers I will say they aren't city folk, by that I mean they're shaped according to the local panorama and they speak mostly the local language, a sort of mix between Spanish and French which I understand around 80% of, but as a New Yorker dropped in a rural Texas setting would, I have some trouble understanding some of the words when dipped in the hard accent they have here. They don't speak Spanish unless it's necessary and I've already talked to them about my difficulties in this regard, which they've belittled.They do have a great deal of knowledge regarding traditional techniques and methodologies when approaching builds and they attack those tasks with fluidity and are outright fast at doing it. They tend to consider the simpler jobs easy and when I fail or misunderstand they're all over me for not listening or being cumbersome, which I'll admit is part of my problem, but it is down to me not being familiarized with the tooling and/or the materials, which is something they should take into consideration. After all, this IS an apprenticeship.Since it's him and his "retired" 66 year-old Dad running the workshop, and fitting the furniture at the customer's house is part of what we do, I've toyed around with the idea of telling them that with no contract I'm not coming back, and see how long it takes them to make good on their initial proposal when he and his father have to lug large, unwieldy pieces up to a 3rd floor without an elevator.It's a bit of a desperate situation, so I could do with wise insight of any kind. I do feel I've been too good with these guys and I'm paying dearly for it.