'delegating' Is this bad management or normal? Where is the line?________________________________________I decided to make a post on here as I am very worried about a friend of mine.I don't work in an office and never have so the office politics and envoirment in such places in terms of what is 'the norm, acceptible' etc are lost on me. A friend of mine has been off from work for the guts of nearly 2 years after having a breakdown, the end result of 2 years of unfair treatment by her manager and out right bullying be a colleage. She was very close to killing herself a number of times throughout all this and is currently still suffering from depression having spent thousands on counciling and doctors, but largly doing a lot better. This is all still hanging over her head though in limbo and we talk about it a lot.But what I'm actually curious about is one specific example we've talked about that confuses me. She works in IT and her manager basically comes across as a very scatter brained individual who forgets the names of her team members and really doesnt get very involved with her team at all. So its different from the overbearing demon manager one might think and instead it seems to the other end of the spectrum where people have to push her for teammeetings and such and then remind her again constantly. If she forgets something though, its the teams fault an not hers.Anyway one of the main issues was a task she gave to my friend which to me makes no sense what so ever. But I don't work in IT or an office so maybe people can enlighten me.Basically she described to me that the room is split up into 3 levels of support with her on 1st level. She said basically , whenever there was a "big incident" like e-mails not working for the whole building or something, it was the 3rd level guys that sorted that and fixed that. After which they were to add the incident to a database saying what the problem was and how they fixed it etc. This is for managment to keep stats on these bigger incidents etc.Heres the thing though, the 3rd level guys for some reason would often forget to do their job and fill out this form, or fill it out in a half assed manner. Instead of the manager dealing with this, she created a task for my friend to do. To pester and give out to her team members 2 levels above her, to do their job. When I heard this, alarm bells started ringing for me instantly. But she said this is the kinda thing thats constantly going on with this manager. Except she only gives these specific tasks to certain people and others are her favorites and they get the actual IT work.But what really killed this for me was when she explained that when the 3rd level guys STILL didnt do their job, the manager would blame her and not the peoples whos job it actually was.This was one of many, but something that caused a huge amount of stress for my friend as it builded up over time. The manager had very little interaction with her team so when she was interacting with my friend, from what I understand it was usually about this task, and how bad she was. How good she was at anything else had no baring. Work place relations with the 3rd level team deteriorated as a result of this task, of which my friend has no power to force them to do their job since she was only 1st level and no manager.Ultimatly the manager used my friends failure at 'giving out' to people 2 levels above her, as justification for a whole load of mistreatment my friend suffered in this place.It just angers me so much listening to this but my friend, who has yet to take any action of the sort. She feels unsure about saying anything because shes been given the impression that "this is normal, thats just how the manager is, managers delegate" etc And this is the point where I can't really say anything. Because I don't know. To me this is so obviously wrong and pure fuel for a 'toxic work envoirment'. I'm not asking for legal advice, I'm just asking for peoples blunt opinions on this. Is this wrong? Normal? Standard? Just so I know myself and maybe I'll show my friend this thread. I just have no experience in office envoirments but it sounds like a lot of toxic behaviours become "normalized" and people quickly forget that things like this are actually wrong on every level. Immoral even.