  Everyone needs to know this.As alot of you may already know, Ive had alot of issues with Depression ,Confidence , And I've made alot of baddecisions which has ultimately lead me to be either shattered, heartbroken or unhappy.I am here to tell everyone, That you dont need to feel this way.You CAN change the way you feel and the things that happen in your life .And it is ONLY YOU who has the ability to change things.By all means you can be on anti-depressants, and see therapistsand by all means i highly recommend it.But What i want to say is.. And i want EVERYONE to listen and really think deeply about it.WE ALL have tremendous abilities, all are different and all are spectaculary amazing,We have the ability to change our lives if we have the passion and drive to do so.If you want to change the way you live, or the way you think, or the way things happenthere is not one person in this world that has a better ability of doing so, then you yourself.You are an amazing person, and if you push yourself you can do absolutely anything.In the last week, I have spent alot of time with myself, and god.And just really working on moving things forward.Taking my mind off the negative things, Extracting the positive things, and injecting all of those positive feelings into something useful and valuable.For example..I broke up with my gf 3 weeks ago.I Have ceased all contact with herThe first 2 weeks were rediculously hard, and i was struggling yes.But look..NEGATIVES:End of RelationshipFeeling of LonelinessNo more sex on demandPOSITIVES:She was a whoreI am saving so much more money without her.I deserve way betterI will find  way betterThe future  is looking brighter without her.If you focus on those positives, Life is much easier.And if u can find something that you are passionate about, and have drive to achieve.Time absolutely flies, and before you know it.. You will have forgotten what even happened.I guess what i'm trying to say is..YOU HAVE THE ABILITY TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE AND THE WAY ITS HEADINGno one else can take that away from you.IT IS YOURS.So get motivatedget excitedget ABSOLUTELY PSYCHED UP ABOUT IT!!!!!!!Because the light at the end of this tunnel, is brighter then you could EVER imagine!So put this into action..3 Simple steps, to making your life improve from here on in!1. Think about the positives about what just happened.Example: Your GF cheated on youPositive = She was clearly a slut and you deserve someone who is willing to be faithful to you.2. Write a list of goals who wish to achieve, And a time allowance to achieve themExample: Save $1000 in 1 Month, And go on a holiday.Positive = Holidays are fantastic, And it breathes a new life into you.3. Keep reminding yourself, That the light at the end of this tunnel you are in, Is brighter then you could ever imagine.Example: You are going to meet the girl of your dreams who is right for you and willing to be faithful.Positive = This is the truth, And its just a matter of being patient.Keep the faith.Joshwaaa