  Took a step out of solitudeSo I had a challenge in front of me, and I decided that today I was gonna step up to meet it. The full story is in this post:http://www.takethislife.com/other-challenges/how-should-i-approach-79401/If you wanna skip that post, the short version is: I'm a long time sufferer of social  anxiety. I haven't had any friends in a long time, and I recently moved back to my hometown to find  that pretty much everyone I used to know was gone. And needless to say, the social anxiety makes meeting  new friends hard. So, I've been very lonely since I'm not in school and I'm still out of work and I barely get out of the house. One day not long ago I ran into an old acquaintance from school who was working in the mall, and whom I hadn't seen in probably 8 years. We chatted for a while, and I left. I really wanted to be friends with her, but I decided I needed to be more proactive about it and, for once, put myself out there. I thought I should do something nice for her then invite her out for drinks or something. I decided that I was gonna do it today. And I did. I went to the coffee shop and bought a couple muffins, then went to her store and offered her one. We chatted for quite a while, and then I said we should go out for drinks, or hang out soon, and actually made plans. We might actually hang out this week, as she said she has some time off in a few days. She also said she often goes out with friends, and that next week I should go out with them, which right there gets my foot  in the door to make more friends. The point when I knew I really made it was when she introduced me to her co-worker as "my friend, [Dr. Blah]." That felt good. It was really a pretty standard social situation, but to me it was huge. I can't remember the last time I put myself out there and tried to make friends with someone, let alone succeeded at it. For as long  as I can remember I've kept myself totally guarded and closed off. But today I allowed myself to open up, tell stories, laugh, and be myself. I left the mall feeling prouder than ever. For a guy like me, this kind of social interaction is terrifying, but I faced the fear and got what I wanted. One thing I kept in mind the whole time was a quote  I recently read, one of the things that inspired me to make this change:Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them. -Orison MardenI walked boldly through the fear and met a friend on the other side.