A change is gonna come...And come from me it is...Day 1 of a potential start of a change of approach. To basically start acknowledging that I have to get through each day and "Live like I was dying" (reference the song by Tim McGraw) while my body has the capacity to do so.With my therapist and me putting together a kind of diary for a routine, hopefully i'll drag myself out of a lethargic "minimal motivation/activity" lull that i've found myself in at present. Yes, I'd consider myself to be lazy and a touch annoyed that I didn't get this dealt with sooner (I really should have considered it before now is what I'm saying.)But - today I was awake early (try 5.30am) - and only had one coffee between 6-8am. Left the house to catch a bus to the therapist appointment and arrived at the surgery 30 mins early (can never really trust traffic 8-9am here - particularly heading towards town centre). Better early than late.Spent 1.5 hours nearly at the therapy appointment (a bit longer than the scheduled time, but her next client wasn't there - so I filled a touch of time that I had to waste).Got a bus back to town to grab a bite to eat before heading to hospital (not venesection this time lol) - for a literacy/numeracy test and an interview. That lasted 15 minutes - and was one of the quickest I've ever been involved in, so I'm not expecting much (although versatility for a catering assistant who can also double up as a kitchen porter would play in my favour slightly). Then - when I eventually did get back home (around 2/2.30pm) - I was torn between a nap, or just fighting through it. (I suspect the naps may also not help the overnight sleeping pattern being as rough as it has been lately). I gritted my gums (teeth were pulled in 2010 and I've got by since without issue), and soldiered through, having only one more coffee in the entire afternoon/evening. Even going out to play bingo. And here I am 18 hours after waking up - still going. Although I hope I sleep better for all this exercise today!! Slightly achy - but what do I expect in changing the exercise habits? lol.Building rhythm and routine - may just help me. Although I've got the guidance of a 6-week plan to "tick" as I go (might be part of the reason I enjoyed maths so much at school - because I got a lot of "ticks" on it.