  Hopefully in the end I will like who I amThis post may have somedepression elements in it, but I assure you in this thread I will have some optimistic things to say and I hope that you guys will have some advice for me.So far this summer I came across some of my classmates of my graduating high school class. I wasn't exactly dreading the moment I meet them, but merely hoping to avoid them so I don't have to worry about any comparison issues effecting me this summer. Yet when I do find  myself conversation with them I try to be as humble and engaging  as possible. I suppose my communication classes have rub off on me as I find myself smiling, making eye contact, and trying my very best to be approachable. But for some reason ever conversation I have ends up being disappointing, mainly because they end up one-sided. For example every time I ask how their first year of college went of mention the exciting experience I had (again I'm trying to be engaging, not a show off) I always end up with replies like "college was ok" or "that's interesting". I'm not exactly sure why I end up with such short replies maybe because I'm the last person they wanted to talk to (I've been known as a "creep" in high school) or they're just not in the mood to talk about college, but in the end I always feel... superior. For once I feel like I had a better experience than the people I always compare myself to and actually feel good about myself; its weird to explain. Now that I look back at it, the people I talked to this summer all went to that top tier school I was so envious of. And it makes me think, if I have gone to that school instead I wouldn't have changed as much as I have now. If I have gone to that school I would have ended up as that some person comparing himself to the same people only in a different setting; there would be much change in my life And it makes me further think that I should be a bit thankful for the unexpected changes in my life. Right know I am transferring to a community  college. Honestly I am embarrassed and disappointed in myself, but at the some time I'm proud because I'm doing something different that doesn't fit the usual process/mold that people take in life. I think I like doing things differently and out of order from what other people do. but at the same time its difficult because I feel so alone and inferior. I just hope that after my community college years I will have some experience that would make me feel better  about myself and hopefully in the same league as the people I compare myself too. But I have my doubts. I'm not good at school and I fear failure. I hope at age  20 my brain and thoughts will finally clear and line up so I can finally function the way I want to.On another note members have sent me post telling me to "show the world what I'm made of" and that "life is what [I] make it" this really does motivate me to find ways to feel good about myself and learn things to feel that I am at the top  of my league, but I don't know where to start :P can some help. IDK I just need further motivation to get myself out there. I just dont want to end up as those jerks who gains these positive traits to get girls of intimidate others.