  The battle is worth it :-)Hi everyone im a survivor of depression and managed to overcome its control on my life. When I was seven I witnessed a family friend who I looked up to trying to murder my mother. My mother is one tough cookie and managed to free me from the house where I could run for help and she fought him away. It came out later that he had committed crimes against women which I wont say here in the previous weeks.That was the start of my depression…At the time as well my dad was very sick and in and out of hospital for major operations, I use to sleep with a picture of him in my bed so scared that he was going to die.I retreated in to myself. I had no self belief and started to distance myself from everyone. I was failing at school and by 14 started to drink alcohol and do drugs. Knowing what the person who attacked my mum had tried to do to her and had done to others I started to hate men and being a man myself I hated myself for being a male.I left school early and started to spiral out of control. I was drinking all the time and doing drugs. My parents tried so hard to help me but I was too hell bent on destroying myself.When I turned 19 I was about to start the worst year of my self destructiveness. I was a alcoholic and drug user. I associated being a male with the man who attacked my mum and the one thing I felt power over men was with my own body. It was like I was saying to myself “yeah im a male and this is exactly what a think of them” I started cutting myself and developed anorexia. My weight dropped down to 45kg and I was covered in scars from my self harming. I was living away from home and my parents knew about the anorexia but didn’t know about the self harm. One day when I stayed over at home my mother walked in to the room where I was changing and saw my body, I will never forget her face. My parents sat me down and said you have to go to a hospital to get help, I reluctantly agreed .So I sat by myself in a room in a mental hospital and had reached rock bottom. I asked myself “do I want to live or die” I answered that I wanted to live! A wave of shame come over me for what I put my parents through. When my parents visited me I told them that I wanted out of the hospital and they were very unsure. My father looked me in the eyes and said “are you sure, we don’t want to loose” I will never forget it..Everyone has different ways of dealing with depression and overcoming it and I don’t recommend the way I did it. I didn’t receive any help from doctors, I faced it all by myself with the back up of my family. I had to do it that way because I knew I was the type of person who has to figure things out for myself. For me it wouldn’t had worked otherwise.The next 12 months was terrible to say the least. I stopped drinking, taking drugs, cutting myself and started to eat again. At that point I was 20 and I knew because my thinking had become a skewed with 13 years of depression I had to change my thinking process.I started to read about inspiring people, about people that were successful just to see how others went about their life. Whenever a negative thought came in to my head I changed it to a positive, just trying to change the way I thought about everything in life. It took me 12 months to be able to face people again but I faced most if not all of the issues that had controlled me for so long in those 12 months.The next couple of years I would say I felt very delicate but I managed to keep looking forward and not falling back on old habits.I would say from 22 to now (im 32) I have been largely depression free. I had a bit of relapse this year with depression but I had the tools from my past to be able to get myself back on track. My last big battle is the regret and shame I had felt for self cutting. I haven’t been able to be with anyone because of the scars but each year I have started to accept it bit by bit and not be so hard on myself with it. These things happen in life, im not the same person and I need to move on.The biggest advice I can give is, I know when we go through depression we feel weak or too tired to fight it and that is when it engulfs us. Don’t underestimate the strength we all have inside to be able to fight it and overcome it. I have no regrets, all of it has made me who iam today and let me tell you the battle is worth it, life is truly amazing… 