  Today, I'm Okay________________________________________This isn't a "how I overcame depression" story, so I'm sorry if you're looking for help. I would love to help, but honestly, I'm not really sure how I overcame depression. It's been a very long battle, but there wasn't any specific thing that helped me. This post is a journal entry I wrote today. I had a realization yesterday and I needed to write down my thoughts, so I did, but then I realized that I wanted to share them with the world. I'm not quite ready to share them with my friends and family, but I needed some kind of outlet, so here it is. It's nothing special, and to be honest, very disorganized. But these are my thoughts, and I hope that even if they don't tell you where to start, it gives you some hope. Which is super cheesy I know. But oh well.It wasn’t until yesterday that I truly realized how far I’ve come. It was sometime last semester that I unexpectedly found myself feeling something I didn’t recognize, but which I soon discovered was contentment—something I’m not entire sure I’d ever felt before. However, I didn’t know the full extent of what that meant. And even though things have gone slightly downhill since then, I am fine. Those three words sound so insufficient for ending that sentence, but there’s a kind of beauty in the ability to say them and mean them. The fact that I am not spiraling downward into a bottomless pit of depression is—pardon my language—pretty ****ing awesome. Just a few years ago, I spent every single night crying myself to sleep. Nearly every thought that came into my head was negative and the smallest setbacks would cause me to burst into tears. I would lie asleep at night reliving moments in my life that I could have done better, and thinking about every way in which I was a failure, and blaming myself over and over again and trying to find ways to blame everybody else. It sounds like such a cliché, but I walked around with a raincloud over my head. Everything I did felt like an effort, and I found very little joy in even the most wonderful things. I contemplated suicide at every turn, and even attempted it a few times. I hated myself, I hated everything around me, and I hated life. Now, I can go an entire day without thinking about how much better off everyone would be if I were dead. I can go an entire day without thinking that my life is pointless. At least once a day, I think about my future and how, despite the obstacles I have yet to overcome, there are so many possibilities. Though they are still rare and often fleeting, I find moments in which I am truly happy. I have a theory about why I was never able to emotionally react to sad moments in books and movies—I couldn’t cry over sad events I saw because I was so much sadder on the inside than could ever be portrayed in the media. Last week, I shed actual tears when Barney Stinson met his child, and when Ted finally met Tracy on How I Met Your Mother. I always prided myself on never crying like that because I thought it was a symbol of what little strength I had left, but now I realize that my lack of emotion was a sign of how truly deeply I was hurting. My visible emotions now symbolize my strength and how much I’ve achieved over the last few years. I still have mental setbacks—I still have trouble getting out of bed in the morning, I still can’t motivate myself to eat right or to exercise, and I still can’t force myself not to procrastinate. But I can’t let those obstacles prevent me from celebrating every day of my life. A few years ago, being alive today was an unlikely dream. Back then, being alive in a few days seemed difficult enough. Yesterday, I filled out a psych survey which asked me “On a typical day, how much negative emotion do you experience?” As I thought about it and answered a “3” on a scale of 1 to 7 (7 being mostly negative emotion), it dawned on me how absolutely incredible that is. In high school, I was lucky if I had one positive thought a day. I couldn’t believe it. I started grinning right there in the psychology lab. I still live in constant fear of becoming depressed again, but every time I think about the fact that I don’t want to kill myself right now, I celebrate on the inside. It’s difficult to keep on congratulating myself on every day of my life when the people who helped me make myself so miserable are still there doing the same as ever, but I know that that’s exactly what I need to do to make it. Another cliché, but I really am living one day at a time. But it’s not the same as it used to be. Then, it was one day at a time because it was easier to put off suicide for just one more day than to face the reality of putting it off for any longer than that. Now, I live one day at a time because each day is an opportunity to grow and be happier. Telling myself to be happier today is a hell of a lot easier than telling myself to be happier. Back then, in addition to constantly criticizing myself, I criticized everyone around me. I tried to punish those who I felt had added to my pain. But those people are just as present as ever, and yet I’ve won my battle. As I write this, I’m welling up with tears of joy and pride. Though I said I’ve realized how far I’ve come, I still have trouble grasping how absolutely incredible a feat that truly is. The only sad part is that I’m probably the only one who knows it. But that’s okay. Who cares if no one knows that I’ve done the hardest thing I think anyone can ever do, that I’ve fought depression and won? I don’t care who knows when today, I get to be okay.