  How I turned optimisticI am going to detail several realizations I made during my awful parts of depression, in hopes it might help someone.  It is long, rather detailed, but it needs to be, in my opinion.Although I am talking about my own experience, I am generalizing it. I hope it's still understandable - but it makes it easier to me to get my point through, if I talk abstractly. Try to give it a bit thought, if you can... It took me nearly 2 years of hell to understand what I understood. Working on it all the time. I know it might not fit in your life, but if you went through the same things as I did, don't stop just because I can't write it better than this. Go read the book I recommend in the text! Help yourself, if you are as pessimistic and depressed as I was.Briefly, my story is this:3 years ago, I went to the high school equivalent of Finland with rather low self-esteem. The system and the people made me very depressed. Humans in general depressed me... I hated how materialistic people are (I still do), I hate how self-centered people are. Seeing teenagers in a high school does not help that at all. My mother is an alcoholist, has been for years, and I live with her still for some time now. My father moved away when I was a kid, and he's depressed himself and in a troubled relationship. My family feels distant, and so does everyone around. I do have one very close friend online, though, which gave me enough energy to last through it. As it was at its worst, I had no absolutely no energy. I was lonely, anxious and depressed, only managing to do what I absolutely had to. I didn't have energy to read for school, but I still managed well, because I didn't have to read that much.School depressed me anyway, and I saw no hope in my future. Everything felt hard, I just wanted to be. I wanted to do absolutely nothing (sometimes I still think so). I wanted to become a thought, and forget everything. I had thoughts of suicide.I hated going to school, the weeks were hell, I hated seeing people in my school. I hated it all. But the weekends were even worse. I had nothing, I didn't even have hate. I had endless loneliness for the weekends, anxiety, I just hoped it would end faster. I spent evenings after evenings crying on my bed in a dark room.I was addicted to video games when I was younger, but after it all started feeling so void, all I wanted was some friends. I managed to make a couple of online gamer friends, though... And fortunately, very mature people. I still played, although I didn't enjoy it. All I wanted was to be really with people, be happy sitting on some grass, chatting.And what I had was the cold winters of Finland, alone and anxious.Because my state of mind was analyzed for the military service, I was forwarded to a psychiatrist... Venting helped a bit, but the psychiatrist really didn't. Meeting her was awkward and I felt like she didn't understand me a tiny bit. I got only angry of many meetings, but couldn't say it out loud. She wanted to give me medication, but I didn't want any. Even this depressed me.The changes:But I had started making realizations even before I met the psychiatrist first.One, very mature and experienced friend that I met online, recommended me a book. It started a series of realizations that made me optimistic. I am still lonely, but at least optimistic.First of all, before I understood anything about how I could turn optimistic, I had learned a way to make myself feel neutral. Through a hard year of depression, I had learned to relax sometimes. It only worked sometimes.For me, I had to listen to relaxing music. Also reading the book that I mention soon, helped me - I felt neutral. Lonely, a bit anxious, but I didn't feel DEPRESSED. Meditation surely helps, if you can do it. Just any way you can clear your thoughts helps. Not thinking, when you are super depressed, is better than thinking. I had to understand, that I need to be able to forget thoughts sometimes, too. Because when depressed, nothing constructive will ever come out - therefore not thinking or focusing on something is a lot better.That book was Dale Carnegie's "How to win friends and influence people", written in the 1930's. Although it sounds like it, it has nothing to do with manipulation. This book made me understand the nature of humans. I would recommend it to anyone. The book is simple, full of examples and tells you to try to understand people around you. It makes you understand humans. In an optimistic way.I understood how much people hunger for appreciation, and that I am no exception. How it is not a bad thing. I understood that I am exactly like every other person, but I just have different values. I understood the similarity between me and everyone else... And this helped me relieve the hate towards people. I understood that not a single person is EVIL. They might just think in a weird way.Shortly after reading this book, I understood something about optimism. I understood, after realizing how similar I am to other people, how I'm in fact no different. I saw, that although I felt different to other people, I was exactly as much similar to all people. I acted differently, but for the SAME REASONS, therefore I was similar. I then saw that I can apply this philosophy to almost any matter that is confusing me. I understood, that one could look at any single problem in life - and try to see the good side of things. I understood that nothing is as simple as "terrible", I understood everything has a reason for happening (I don't mean some God- level reason). I understood that I am only looking at the darker side of things - although I didn't know how to see the other side. I didn't even want to see the other side when I was depressed, really. I couldn't. It was too far away.Still, because anything you are depressed about - ANYTHING - has to do with humans, reading that book will probably help you. (unless you are depressed about gravity and other natural laws - highly unlikely)Because when you understand WHY your surroundings are depressing, you understand that nothing is black and white in your surroundings. And you understand that all people want happiness, good things, and for those reasons your surroundings turned depressing. Just because humans aren't perfect! You aren't perfect either. And THEN you will see, that there are more than just one way of looking at the depressing thoughts.This is why I recommend EVERYONE to read that book.Still there was hard work left to do. Optimism, to me, seemed like a goal that I could never reach. I considered myself a pessimist by nature, and I thought I could only try hard but never really "see the other side". I realized that it exists - but I could not just suddenly see it. It would be damn hard, if I ever could. But then, at times, when I kept this all in mind, I noticed, that I could see both of the sides simultaneously.Just like the gray sky can be depressing, I understood, that it's in fact exactly as light as it is dark. The sun is behind the clouds anyway! I understood that my situation is depressing, but that for this depressing setting to exist, humans themselves have to crave for a happier setting - and they do. I know almost everyone deep inside would want a different kind of a world. And because it is so - I saw how deep inside that good part existed. At least SOMEWHERE. And I believe, that even if the western world doesn't change to my taste, there might be a place I will find enjoyable :)Still, getting to "the other side" seemed incredibly hard work - almost not worth doing at all. I believed I might someday become good at it, though.Later on, I understood, how subjective my feelings are. That how subjective ALL feelings are. I started to read Robert Anton Wilson's "Cosmic Trigger" and "Quantum psychology", but they are only for the very open-minded. A bit weird but very interesting books. Anyways:I understood this: I cause my feelings; therefore there is a way I can change them. For example - a tasteless joke about holocaust might be funny to someone, but it would make the relatives of Anne Frank cry. Any fact I find depressing could make someone else happy.But how could I FEEL in control of my thoughts? Just how? That was my question still open. I saw on an intelligent level, that through changing my point of view to the lighter side of things, I could feel better, by emphasizing the existence of the lighter side in my mind. But when I was depressed, I was completely powerless. The realizations that gave me power, after too long evenings of depression, crying, anxiety and loneliness, came to me, when I was trying to become neutral through chill out music. I didn't feel I had the power to just look at things in an optimistic way - I didn't feel I was in control of such a power. When I felt awful, as my friend used to say, these "spirals of bad thoughts" were ravaging my head, unstoppable. The step to optimism was long.But then I realized this: Although I couldn't change my way of looking at things... My pessimistic attitude that I hated... I could always change my attitude at changing my attitude. That does not feel locked at all. I understood that I could change my attitude on changing myself. If I didn't even try that, I would fail. I could change how eager I was to change myself. I could change how eagerly I wanted to change my way of seeing things positively. And that means I CAN change how positively I see things in the long run. And that is where I started winning.