  My Recovery StoryMy depression began when I was thirteen. Battling this illness for over nine years now. Diagnosed in 2009 with severe depression. Since then, I have been on medication and spoken to a counsellor. But I have been determined to beat this illness without medical help. It has been very difficult to deal with. Understanding my depression: the causes, the symptoms, the treatment and support, are all part of my recovery.In my experience, depression has been a rollercoaster for me: ups, downs, twists and turns. It's been a long battle to fight. It's been a battle to reach recovery. I am proud to say, I have reached recovery.The Causes1.	It was the sexual, mental, physical, verbal, emotional and psychological abuse I experienced which started when I was a small child to early adulthood.2.	An absent father.3.	Witnessing my mum being rapped by my father4.	Almost losing my mum after she took an overdose5.	Being almost put into foster care6.	Not feeling loved from my parents when I was a teen.7.	Lost touch with my three sisters8.	Bereavement (including pets, friends and family members)9.	Not having any close friends10.	Struggled to cope with Jason's illness11.	Putting other people's needs before my own. By taking care of others and neglecting my own health through the processThe Effects It Had On MeI used to feel scared, vulnerable and distant when it came to getting close to someone. The thought brought on so much fear and I would always run away whenever the opportunity came.Lacked with so many insecurities which started as a young child. Craved for both of my parents love. Was physically and emotionally abused, both at home and school. Sexually abused at home and lost contact from family. This caused damage to my confidence, self-esteem, trust with people and bought on depression. Was in a shell of my own.Didn't have a good support network around me. At school and college, most of my friends saw my insecurities and used it to their advantage. I allowed it because I didn't think much of myself. Pushed a few kind friends away. Once they got pushed away, they went and never came back. Locked my feelings away in my mind and stayed with this set of people throughout my teenage years.So much changed once I hit my adult years. Met some good friends who played a part in my recovery. They knocked down the walls I had built around me. They listened, gave me the love, care and support that I needed. When it got tough, they stood tall and when I pushed them away, they stuck around. They were honest, open, patient and understanding when I have frozen and gone in hiding. Taken me out of the house. They gave me the strength to face my fears and insecurities. They have shaped me into the person that I am today. I'll always give the same back to them.The Symptoms Of Depression I HadPhysical :1.	Sleep disturbances - insomnia, oversleeping, waking much earlier than usual2.	Changes in appetite or eating: much more or much less3.	Decreased energy, fatigue4.	Headaches, stomachachesBehavioural/Attitude:1.	Loss of interest or pleasure in activities that were once enjoyed, such as going out with friends, hobbies, etc2.	Difficulty concentrating, remembering or making decisions3.	Neglecting responsibilities or personal appearence4.	Withdrawal from friends and familyEmotional:1.	Persistent sad or empty mood2.	Crying for no reason3.	Feeling hopeless, helpless, guilty or worthless4.	Feeling irritable, agitated or anxious5.	Constantly over thinking6.	Negative mind - thoughts and feelings7.	Thoughts of death or suicide8.	Lacking self confidence and self esteemTwo years ago, my lifestyle was really isolating. Going to bed late and getting up in the morning late. Turn to comfort food every time I felt depressed or stressed. Constant headaches. Locked my self in my room. Didn't go out with friends. Stayed at home most of the time. Using the internet and giving support to other people on forums. Neglecting house-chores and not having a shower every day. I didn't have any motivation. Feeling guilty for my friend's problems. Felt worthless and incredibly isolated. Everything around me was negative. My mind was nothing but negative thoughts. I suffered with Social Anxiety whilst waiting to start voluntary work. This lasted for eight months. This lifestyle made me unhappy. I wanted to change my life around.I have now changed my life around. Set a sleep time pattern. Waking up every morning at 7:30am and go to bed at 11:00pm. Now have a paid job working in the mental health field. That's always been a passion of mine and now I'm experiencing it. Want to work in a career that involves helping people. Eat three healthy meals a day. Drink plenty of water every day. Go the gym three times a week. Meet up with friends when I can and spend a lot of time with family. More open with people. I no longer push people away. I ask for help when I need it. Still find it hard to put my own needs first but it's my nature to want to help others. I am feeling stronger, happy, comfortable in my own skin and looking forward to the future. I am going to start driving lessons soon. I no longer feel depressed.This is my recovery to depression. Thank you for reading.