  Never thought I would get here ....I wanted to share  some of my story in this section of the site. Months back I would read this section "Getting better" in the hope that something would grab me, someone would tell me themagic  answer, the magic pill or the way one just wakes up one day and realises that they feel better . I would be genuinely pleased for the people that wrote that they were getting better but when I read their posts and their stories, it felt like they were in a different place to me - almost at a place where they couldn't understand how my depression was affecting me anymore as they were no longer in the zone. They were now full of health , happiness and such bright and sunny days. "How lovely" I would think and wait and wait and wait for it to happen to me.I struggled on each day, I made good strides some days and then would take a few steps back on others. I kept reading snippets of information on depression, trying out the CBT exercises over and over again, took my medication every day  like a good girl and it just wasn't working ! What the hell were the others doing that I couldn't manage? I was willing to work for it, try new things, force myself to get out of bed, I was wishing to feel better more than anything. Time went on, life  went by and all of a sudden I felt like I looked behind me and I didn't even realise it but I was getting better. When I thought about this some more, I also realised that the magic wasn't out there - the magic was within me, I had shifted, I had changed. I had moved into a different zone and I believe all the times I thought that nothing was working, all the days where I "only" managed to do a couple of things all added up into one big realisation that at the time it doesn't feel different to try thinking positive, to go for that walk, to read the book, to listen to the music, to find  the joys in life ... but it's certainly part  of the process to recovery. The reason I wanted to type this was to say to those of you who think there is no good tomorrows, no happy endings or nosunny days  ... do not give up. Don't give up trying, don't give up reading, just don't give up. If you are prepared to put some work into getting better, the rewards on some level come. Make small changes, take baby steps and when you are striding you won't even realise it.Take very good care