  My Recovery StoryWell I was suffering with depression from the age of 13. Growing up in a world with sexual, mental and physical abuse. It was a very long and hard mental health problem to deal with. My friends couldn’t understand depression and my family were having lots of problems. Didn’t have many people around me who understood. Grew up quickly for my age and always had my head screwed on.My dad was never there growing up for me. He lived in the same house but I craved the love from my dad but never got it. Lost touch with my three sisters over the years and my dad was walked out 2 years ago. Met a guy who I could totally relate too. We became friends and then I fell in love with him. He soon changed my life. His name was Jason. Got to involved with his mental health issue and soon neglected my health to be there for him. It was then I realised I was totally in love with him.Dealing with my own depression, I had a breakdown. Was diganosed with severe depression. Put on medication. It was then I realised I wanted to change my life around and beat this depression. Some days were good and some were bad. I made mistakes and took some wrong paths but learnt from my mistakes. Set myself some goals per day and if I didn’t achieve them, I’d start again the next day.Jason was a huge support to me. He was strong when I needed someone. Hearing his voice and talking to him was a huge motivation to get me there. Although we don’t talk these days, he was one of the main reasons why I became strong and determination. He is my heart and I will always be thankful enough a guy like that would do that for me. Leant a lot about myself and the care I had for people. Jason gave me that opportunity to find that out for me. Always wanted to work in mental health. After suffering with it and meeting loads of people suffer with it. I found out a lot about myself. I wanted to help people. I realised the gift I had to care and done something about it.Now volunteering as a mental health befriender. (loving it). I get the satisfaction to walk home and know I have helped someone. That is the reward for voluntary work. Helping people is worth more then money that’s why I do it for free. Now appying for six other new roles in voluntary work – mental health. Go out more and now very headstrong. Not scared to express my opinon. Coming off medication for good and should be of them within the next month. Have my family and friends who have supported me through this hard and difficult time. I am now feeling stronger and determined to live a healthy and happy life. I have been able to beat this depression by taking each day as it comes. Nine years of depression and now it’s finally be beaten. I have a second chance in life and greatful to live it and cherish it.I hope this gives you some insight for depression and that it can be beaten. Thank you for reading.This is my story