  Fighting psychology with psychologyHi. Its been a while since I posted and wanted to share my story. This may not work for everyone, and have NO intentions of offending anyone. I will make it brief as possible.I developed depressed  through loneliness, rejection, and in turn self hatred when I was 15 and a half. These feelings stuck with me and grew until I was 18 (which I am today). While my depression  is not 100% gone, it is MUCH more tolerable then what I felt like it used to be. Here are some of the psychological techniques  I used t convince myself:1. If a person go from a normal person to a depressed person, the opposite can be true. You can go from a depressed person to an emotionally normal person. 2. This was is weird, but tell yourself you don't have depression. Say "I've had a lot of rough days, but I don't have depression." This is similar to the saying that if you tell yourself you are quiet, you will be quiet. Accepting a self-defeating mind set will cause you to fail. When you have depression, you are almost a slave to getting depressed at times. So try telling yourself you dont have it and see if it works. 3. Just try your best  to live a normal life. Start out small. Do something at home  that seemingly happy people enjoy (movie, video games etc). Think about that instead of your depression.I've tried these steps. They have helped a lot, but like I said, I still do get depressed feelings sometimes. They are incredibly hard to follow to. It took me about 7-8 months of this practice to get better. You will fail/relapse in it, I did! I am feeling better , and starting to try to become as joyful and simple minded as I used to be there. I'm not even close to the joyful feelings I once had, but at least I got the main depression out of the way and hopefully I can work towards the feelings of joy again.I care about all of you, and understand this may not work in severe emotional/mental disorders . It is what worked for me and what I want to share with all of you. Best of luck, I love you all. I really wish in my heart we could allbe happy  and overcome our disorders.  