Depression And WritingWriting has always been my greatest hobby, and more or less my defining one. However, it was not until recently that I began using it as a tool to control my depression. Yes, I have notebooks full of depression-fueled rants, but it wasn't until late last year that I decided to channel everything inside of me and make something tangible. Cue, Ted. Ted is the name of a throwaway character in a short story I wrote last July at 4 a.m. on a morning I couldn't sleep. It was this funny piece of writing that took on my hatred of Shakespeare, and an argument between he and a friend regarding whether his writing merits are legitimate. 45 thousand+ words later, I have myself a nearly completed first draft of a novel. I don't know what exactly happened, whether it was boredom, hopelessness or what, but I decided to keep writing. Maybe this is my Forrest Gump moment, I'm not sure. It became a story of a "lost" character who tries to find himself by going all out to find his biological father, whom he never met. Although it isn't an autobiographical novel (I lived my parents until I moved out a year ago), I felt like writing about loss, negative emotions, nightmares, "ghosts" one feels--the things which aren't really there but still haunt you, and many of the same feelings I experience daily--was extremely cathartic. Instead of performing certain actions I would have previously done, every time I felt very down I would force myself to my computer and take it out on my keyboard until I got something I felt okay with. It didn't even have to be written well (that's what the rewrite is for!) but as long as I got real emotions out, I felt better about myself. I felt like I was working toward something real. I decided that my current goal would be to try to write 55,000 words by my birthday (April 10). I decided to make a weekly quota goal in order to motivate myself, and it somehow worked. I'm officially at 46,237 words, and aside from the ending, I have a solid base for a novel. I've decided to begin the rewrite now instead of ending it, so I could get a better grasp of where I should go with it and what my overall message should be. I guess my point is that even with a complete lack of motivation, I feel very fortunate that I was able to find something to look forward to doing daily, and, in a sense, define me. I still get very down, and do get down at times and have zero motivation to write, but more often than not, I am able to finally have an outlet for all of my emotions that is constructive and not destructive.