Beautiful Day's Ahead( My Recovery Update On Me)Hello everyone who knows me on DF, it has bee a while since I posted or been on here. Very sorry for my absence needed time to short out my feelings and what I wanted to say on here to you all. Yes, I am fine and doing.. Wonderful lately.  A lot of things happen to me and like to share some of them. Now 24 years old and my birthday WOW..was fantastic and a dream come true. Best birthday ever. I have to admit was kind of sad at first about it and sorta had small fights with my sister and mother. But since I been seeing my new therapist he's been helping me improve myself for the better how I act to my family or get the courage to talk to people. Socialization. I finally for once in my life told my mother everything I been feeling inside and what happen to me online over the years or anything else really. I was scared to death but I could not keep it from her anymore and was worried she throw me out or other things. But... She didn't and was proud of me and shocked a bit and we hugged a lot and me cried more tears of joy. Kind of hard telling you all still what has all happened to me but really I been making HUGE  progress and really don't feel depressed no more. Really. I will still have a few bad days but not the real bad stuff no more. I have a better relationship with my mother. I been working on me more trying to be more healthy and just happy I guess. I.. um found someone and well sorta taking it slow a bit but I um.. like him a lot o//o. Yes I have a really really good friend and BF ^.^ I wont tell you there name but they helped me a lot and I would not be all brave and more outgoing with out him. I really am thankful I found him.  I guess I can say he is online  but close somewhat where I live. Planing on meeting each other sometime too. Yes, yes I know some of you don't like online love or stuff like that. But I trust him and he has seen me and I seen him so yes nothing bad or to worry about. ME a big girl and can handle myself. My mother is OK with really since I talked about him to her and some of my other family but we are also taking things slow too..well more me maybe but yeah^^;; I do apologize or not being on here needed some time to think and stuff. No I don't dislike anyone here just needed some space I guess and slightly afraid I get trigger d if I came back a lot. Ehh... hard to explain. I might not be on all the time but try once in a while to visit here.  I guess my main point of this is my advice. Be 100% yourself no matter what. Don't change for anyone and be something your not. You are special just as you. If people don't see it they will or you have not met the right ones yet. Sometimes takes time and could suck waiting but it  is worth it.  If you have no friends or a love life don't give up. The world is made for people to find each other or you find them. A lot has happened to me I am finally the women I want to be and become.  All of you on DF has helped me too and still will and always be in my heart. Just don't give up on yourself. EVER. You can over come anything and do what you want. Yes it wont be easy but you will get there.  Take one day at a time. Smile too people out there or your family love you.  You are worthy and strong and beautiful. Well That's sorta my update. Very sorry if this is in the wrong place to post this or something to the Mods here.   By the way I wish I could change my username now. LOL. I'm not Upsidedownsmile no more.  I smile more now than frown   