Life can get better!I just wanted to share my experience and how I overcame my decision to commit suicide.I was in a common law relationship, that lasted 7 years. For the last few years of the relationship it had gotten pretty difficult. From the beginning, I was never very assertive, and that led me to eventually feel like I was being controlled, which subsequently turned into resentment. I ended up having an affair and my spouse caught me. We agreed to try and work things out but she never forgave me, and in part I never forgave myself. A few months after we agreed to try and work it out, I started feeling absolutely helpless. I wasn't happy in the relationship, and the control was so severe that I had lost my whole social life. At this point in time I hadn't seen one of my friends in over 6 months. I felt like I was stuck in a place where I couldn't be happy in the relationship anymore, but I also felt that I didn't know who I was without my spouse. It was about this time that I started considering suicide as an option. I feel into a deep depression which lasted about a year and a half. Eventually, between my depression and the lingering resentment over my affair, the relationship ended. It was a very conflicting time for me emotionally. When she left, I hadn't really had anyone else in my life for over 2 years. She moved out in December 2012, and in January or February of this year, I made the decision that I was going to go through with suicide. I was grieving the relationship, I was lost as a person, and I gave up. It was that time that one of my coworkers started to pick up on the signs, although he didn't tell me he knew until very recently. I didn't have any friends at this time, and I never had a very close relationship with my family, so I was practically alone. He was very persistent in trying to get me to go hang out with him. I had a lot of anxiety about breaking the habbit I had of isolating myself from everybody, but thanks to his persistence I decided to go with him. Originally, I had only agreed to get him off my back. But, that was the hump I needed to get over in order to jump-start my social life. Over the next couple of months we became great friends, and I started to allow other people into my life as well. I now have a handful of friends that I consider close to me, and dozens of people I hang out with on a regular basis. The depression still affects me, but the feeling of hopelessness is gone. The feelings that there was nothing better, nothing to look forward to eventually disappeared. Once that was gone I was confident enough to seek out professional counseling and am dealing with my depression, anxiety, and self-assertion issues. The reason I wanted to share this story is that I came incredibly close to ending my life... I had made the decision, and had even started writing the suicide note. But I didn't follow through, and I have so much hope. I have started a life that I am looking forward to living now. The way I feel today is something that I never thought I would experience again, but I did. And the only thing that made that possible was me, willing to break out of the downward spiral and to give myself a chance. To find people that help you to not feel alone, and for me, that was the hardest feeling to deal with. Being alone and isolated. But there is always someone out there, someone who will have your back. All you have to do is be willing let them in. At least that's how my story played out. And I am so grateful to him, and to myself for allowing him to help me. I know that if that hadn't happened the way that it did, and when it did, that I wouldn't be here today.I am not trying to say that people are not capable of overcoming thoughts of suicide alone, but it is incredibly difficult to go through something like that by yourself. And frankly, you don't have to. I would have never thought that this guy would have been the person who saved me from myself. The world is incredible that way...-Chris