  knock on woodI've been afraid to admit it, but I've been feeling a bit better recently. Not that I am 'recovered' or anything... I've just been kind of taking things one step at a time and letting the pieces fall where they may. I still have my negativity of course and I even went through a little rough patch a couple weeks ago, but it was kind of short lived. Is this improvement? I definitely feel more mature about everything. I don't know what happened. (Actually, that's not ENTIRELYtrue... My Best Friend has helped me feel a bit happier recently, just by keeping in touch regularly.) But aside from that I can't really see any reason for me to be feeling 'better.' Nothing's changed... But I don't know if I'd call myself "happy." I don't even think I know what "happy" is anymore to be honest. I feel as though I am on autopilot. But not the kind of autopilot where I just feel numb/blank/empty, it's more of a relaxed "whatever" kind of autopilot, if that makes any sense. I'm afraid that by admitting this though, I will jinx it. I mean, I know that I'm gonna get stressed out once I finally get my life going and start having bills to pay and whatnot, but right now I'm just kind of taking my time to save money and get some things taken care of for ME. I really don't know if this "improvement" is going to last, but I really want to savor it while it's here. A week from now, who knows, maybe I'll be back to my miserably hopeless self. But right now and for the last few days, I've felt okay. Life is just sort of flowing along and I'm just kind of riding through it. I think I deserve this moment of comfort... Maybe.  Never thought I'd say it...I think I’m changing for the better. It seems that I’ve been growing up a bit recently. I feel pretty confident in myself and decently happy. Normally this would be the part where I wonder how long it will last. I write how I feel good but I’m waiting for the negative feelings to return. This is different though. I actually think I might be to the point of moving on. By that I just mean from my past in general. I was always so caught up in my problems, but now I seem more capable of looking passed. It’s like I was intent on having something wrong with me. Now, I’m just ready to accept life for what it is instead of making it out to be worse. Maybe my life has been shitty, but it’s time to face that and do what needs to be done for myself rather than wallowing in self-pity. So, I don’t think this happy feeling is temporary this time. I’m sure that I’ll have moments of bad moods and maybe even depression, but those are only moments. It used to be that my happiness only came in glimpses because sadness was my constant feeling. But now, I think I’m finally able to accept myself and my life enough to reverse that and make the sadness only last for moments, if at all.