I want to share what I have writtenI have decided to write when I feel upset. And it is helping so much. I like poetry as it engages my mind beyond just the words... plus I like a happy ending which helps lol. I wrote this and felt inspired... I hope someone here enjoys the read.Ive titled it 'survivor'In my life I have seen many things as I'm sure have you too, there have been times of desperation, destitution but also times of opulence when due.Through all the pain and struggles of which I have been forced to endure, my sights were set for greater things and that which I could not ignore;That although those times did seem so bleak, dark days of pain and fear, I knew that I was not the only one and to some's struggles I could never come near.Surrounded by the strength of family and friends I hold so dear, still a loneliness resided so deep and fed upon my fearI saw the familiar pain in so many people's eyes, we all wore masks in desperation and convinced ourselves we were the masters of disguiseAnd yet as plain as day life's scars were burnt into our gaze, and the yearning to be one those who were free from our dark maze.But then I left the maze below with sights set firmly to the sky, the frowns became less often and I found less need to cry. The skies were brighter day by day as I awoke from the mist, I gave up my crouch and stood up straight determination fueled my fists.The fight for what was rightfully mine had well and truly begun, a battle that no one deserves and has made many come undone.The battle for peace and happiness was that which I had to fight not just defend, once robbed by a jealous boy who thought he had the right to decide when my life should end.Though the fight seemed never ending and still there are days I must be strong, I hope his time in prison has taught him he was wrong.See I am stronger now despite the attempts to rob me of my life, if he comes again he will never be the victor of this fight.I have risen above what he has done, a victim I am not, I have survived the war and now he is the one who will be forgot.I accept the support and the light that bathes me with its warmth. I'm blessed with a life that my determination ensured I did achieve, full of that which no one can take, from the fog I have arisen the victor is awake!Hope that was worth your time :-)