The season to be jolly but also a season of immense sadness!As the title says for most people Christmas is a holiday you spend with relatives, family and our friends to enjoy, to eat lovely foods, to exchange gifts, hugs, and just basically a ''happy'' holiday!!But there are a lot of people who will feel depressed, suicidal, anxious and most of all lonely at christmas. Do you have an old neighbour that lives alone, do you think someone needs help in any way, needs some company, someone feeling very alone, if you're in a positive to apply for the samaritans. Or simply send a card!I propose that we visit or talk to someone who is feeling vulnerable this christmas? Or any other way, even chatting. Releasing stress!For example, last saturday evening I called up the street to a neighbour (my friend's mom) who drinks a lot(she was sober when I called), is married but she has her fair share of issues. We talked and laughed and I gave her company she didn't have in a good while. It felt good for me and her, she made me happy too lol! At the end I asked her for a hug *shy,I ask everyone for a hug* she asked me to call next week for a drink, I explained I do not drink and she said that's fine we can just have a laugh like today. Oh and before I actually walked into the house I made sure I was not intruding, she said I've known you since you were in a pram you're always welcome here, don't be silly   She was telling me all her good memories from when she was young and I was so interested in that, things were so different back then it's like a new world, it was such a positive approach I made, I made her feel great and by that I felt good too  Try and do something for a neighbour/friend/relative this christmas....maybe donate food to a homeless shelter (doesn't have to cost much) build a little hamper and hand it in (we did that in school).... just think of something you can do to be of help to someone in stress at this time of the year. You can make a big difference by doing something very little!!! Simply being there for someone can help tremendously.I think this is a great idea, any tweaks or suggestions are welcome too  