How Giving To Others Makes Us HappierHi everyone!,"We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give" Winston Churchill (British Prime Minister during World War Two).I have read many self help books on depression, happiness, Buddhism, spirituality and Near Death Experiences (Near Death Experiences are "afterlife experiences" experienced by people who were unconcious and close to death). The common theme between the psychological theories and religious teachings is that caring, giving and helping others (including giving to the environment) is the path to happiness.One thing I have noticed that depression does to us, is that it makes excessively focused on ourselves. Our depressed minds produces thoughts such as "I am defective, I am unhappy, I am inferior to other people, nobody cares about me, I am a failure, life is not giving me what I want, life is not as good as I want it to be and so forth. Note the how the word I and my are common amongst these thoughts. Buddhism says that depression is ultimately a selfish condition. I agree with this view. I am in no way suggesting that depressed people are excessively selfish. It is the condition itself, that makes us very self absorbed.I know this from personal experience. When I was depressed, everything was about me. Why am I in pain? Why do other people have good lives and mine is so bad? Why does life not go the way I want it to? Why does life not give me what I want? Why I am not happy? These thoughts made me so miserable to the point I was suicidal. It slowly dawned on me, that the happiest times in my life, was when I helped other people and forgot myself. Ultimately, giving love to others without expecting anything in return destroyed the depression and in turn provided meaning in my life.I would love to hear your thoughts on this. If you disagree, feel free to do so. Having a range of views is far more beneficial than just having one view.Below is how I practise giving. I am still a beginner in practising =). If you like, you can also add your own suggestions.- Saying, Thank you to people who post videos that I watch on youtube.- Praying for other people to be happy.- Minimizing my electricity use to minimize environmental damage.- Posting on depression forums.- Smiling at shop attendants.- Helping people in my computer class especially those struggling with computers.Lots of Hugs, Rainbowstar 