my story of successi will make this as short as i can. as young as i can remember i was verbally and physically abused by a father who was a cop, and subsequently by other kids in school and in the neighborhood, i was the oldest sibling of 3 brothers and 1 sister, i was 7 and 8 years older then my brothers and 2 years older then my sister, for some reason i was the one that wasn't wanted by my father, i was severely beaten and ridiculed until i was about 19 years old, growing up in the city i was hated and not trusted by other kids my age because i was a cops son, so i was picked on, this carried on through school, i was constantly getting in fights, at some point im not even sure when, i turned to alcohol and drugs, i was very deep into the drug world for a long long time, i was deeply depressed and did nothing to help myself, back then being diagnosed as depressed was not a very good idea, as i started into my 20s i had been working a very physically challenging job for 4 or 5 years and was beginning to get very strong and the years of being forced to fight had made me good at it, add in the drugs and the explosive temper from them i had transformed into a completely different person, i still had no friends but now it wasn't only because my father was a cop but because people were affraid of me, there was nothing i would not do to someone who crossed me the wrong way. i went through life for many years deeply depressed, even after getting married the depression continued to the point my wife was not willing to help me any more and was ready for divorce. it was in my 40s that i had attempted to take my life for the first time, i was admitted to the hospital where i had got help, i quit the drugs and was going to therapy and seeing a psychiatrist, i did this for several years, all it seemed to do was calm down the suicidal feelings, i was still very depressed, after a couple of years things started to get worse again and i attempted for the second time. i tried to get better for my wife, i tried to do it for my daughter, for my family, for friends and because i knew it was the right thing to do, but i am here to tell you that it wasn't until i decided to do it for MYSELF that things started to truely get better, i began to be happy, i have a love for my wife that i never expirienced before. there is hope for all of you, there is a way out of this hole, yours might not be the same as mine but it is there all the same, don't ever give up trying, don't ever give in to the temptation, today i am glad i did not succeed in suicide, there is so much i want to do to make up for the years that were stolen from me. keep fighting and do it for you and you will get there, don't let it take you 50 years like i did.  my storyhello folks I just wanted to add something positive for a change of pace here. all of you have the strength within you to beat this illness which is keeping you down, you may not know it right now but it's there all the same.I've had major depression since early childhood, life was never good for me, I was mentally and physically abused by my parents until I was about 20 years old. I had a major anger problem. I grew up in a city where everyone in the neighborhood new everyone else, I was always shunned and picked on because my father was a cop, no one wanted me around for fear that I would tell what everyone was into, which led me to constantly be in fights and I got good at it, so good infact that a new problem arose, other people didn't want to be around me out of fear. my depression grew deeper and deeper through the years to the point that I finally attempted to kill myself which obviously failed thankfully. I was going to a doc and seeing a therapist and on 6 different meds, none of which were helping at all, all the meds did was make me numb and emotionless like a walking zombie. I had no care for anything or anyone including myself. my wife had told me that she was leaving me and taking my daughter with her, she was tired of me not trying to help myself. I again got suicidal, only this time I took the step forward and changed docs and therapists, several times in fact, slowly things began to change, meds were changed and some removed completely, I was seeing the doc every 2 weeks and the therapist twice a week for a while to start out. the numbness began to fade, the anxiety was getting under control and the anger which went away while I was numb from the meds never returned. finally I was experiencing something I wasn't used to, emotions, my wife saw that I was trying and making great progress and decided to stay for a bit longer to see what progressed. I was at last out of my shell and not isolating, I was doing stuff and living for once, and even began to be happy for the first time in my life. I wasn't thinking about depression anymore and realized that finally after many many years I have beaten depression. I went from trying to take my own life to being vibrant and truly happy. it does happen and can happen to you to, just never give up and keep fighting, it will get better.