: My anxiety and depression is a formidable opponent, but I refuse to loseLooking back over the years I could see signs of anxiety as a kid.  Scared of the dark, fear of talking to people, petrified of spiders, & so on. No reasons for it that I could think of.  Growing up, and then as an adult, I just accepted it as the way I was, and never thought anything of it, because it didn't really impact on my lifeoverly.  Then last year it hit me with a vengeance. I'd just turned 48, and I had a major meltdown. Within a period of 5 months we'd moved house, our best friend's marriage broke up, my pop passed away, stress at work, & my wife was sick, not getting better, and we didn't know what it was. Not much joy here.  Pop's passing also brought back memories of when mum passed away suddenly 17 years earlier.  Never could understand why that happened.  I was at rock bottom, & considered suicide a few times, but managed to resist it.  Went to a counselor, started on mindfulness & mild medication, and things were slowly looking up. Then in October my world crumbled. My wife was diagnosed with incurable cancers. I was losing my best friend. This floored me at first, then I thought of her and our kids, and how it would be for them without my support. I realised I'dmade the right decision to not end it all. I stopped seeing my counselor in January. I've made great progress, and I'm on the RTR. My dad was great support as well.  He'd been through it when mum died, and he knew the dangers that lay ahead if I didn't get help. #lovemydad Then, a few weeks ago, ithit me again.  We live with my wife's parents now (she has constant care while I'm at work) and we have a 9 month old Beagle.  The dog thought it would be fun to chew on a chair.  This sent me into a spin.  With the immediate support of those around me I was able to quickly regain my focus and get back on track. It's damn hard - every day is a struggle of sorts. I've had great support from my employer & work colleagues, friends at the footy club, & mostly, from family and close friends. In particular, our very close friend who's marriage went sour. She has depression also, and we often just talk to each other about what's troubling us.  It helps us both.  There are still some who don't understand it though, for whatever reason.I treatmy anxiety & depression as my formidable opponent, and I refuse to lose. Like Holmes & Moriarty, I know there will be days when Moriarty has his little victory, but Sherlock Holmes will triumph in the end.