Today Is BeautifulI was going to write a short paragraph in the 'what is your weather like today' thread, but my thoughts came so thick and fast I had to take the time to write them down. It really helped to think like this, so I have posted it here for you guys:Imagine, if you will, an overcast sky; voluminous clouds hang heavy over the village. Light continues to filter through, illuminating the various greys both above and below. For this is no usual autumn day - Jack Frost was hard at work las night, his spindly fingers touching every crevice and blanketing the land. The colours of autumn are still present but suppressed, muted, their vibrancy battling through the white. Reds and browns become hints of pink and purple, evergreens and grass creating an apple white. Late flowers droop with frosted edges, serving as a garnish to the garden scene. The countryside seems to wait, expectantly, but no-one knows what for.Cobwebs sparkle like pearl necklaces around the walls and the garden. They are suddenly emphasised; one would have simply ignored them before. Are they a sign of neglect, highlighting forgotten areas? No - instead they are signs of life, a reminder of the myriad creatures that share our space. Brambles too are taking on a new dimension. They wind and curl with spiky ambition, almost attempting to emulate the curtain around Sleeping Beauty's castle. But the season has stunted their growth and they twist in bitter resentment of their limitations. But look closer and the ice's structure is revealed, growing out of the bramble's stem like polyps or the tendrils of an anemone. Tiny mushrooms of white crystal resisting the efforts of the day to undo the night's endeavours.The trees soar skywards. Their branches are black underneath, weighted down by the white ice that coats the upper side. The trees are the pillars of nature's cathedral, stoic and silent, the watchers of ages. A weeping willow becomes a web of silver tinsle, soft and tactile, despite the cold. But this world is paused; there is no movement in these trees. No wind to sway the branches or rustle the bushes. However, this is on suggestion of silence. The grass crunches under your feet and the birdsong rings out clear and sharp. The eerieness is punctuated by the fluster of feathers as a wood-pidgeon erupts from a hedge. All normal sounds are accentuated by the absence of the breeze.Now you turn and look at the effect of the sudden winter on the rest of us. People hurry along, buried beneath layers of wool. Some stamp their feet and rub their hands together, huddled over, retreating inwards. But winter cannot disguise the fire within. The cold transforms humans into dragons, steam billowing from mouths and noses. A start contrast of fire and ice. Other animals are reacting to the day aswell. Smells are grounded and the air is fresh and new. Cats and dogs are excited by the change and examine everything with renewed vigour. They trot around, their paws moving with a strange new rhythm: an approximation of Dressage, the action designed to limit contact with the frozen ground to the minimum.You pull back and internalise at how wonderful the scene before you plays out. You marvel in the moment and consider how little one take the time to truly appreciate the world around them. How precious is the ability to realise beauty in the ordinary. 