  Little Tips to Help with DepressionA little bit of background about myself. I first started having emotional problems when I was 8 and developed OCD noticeable enough to have my teachers recommend I see a therapist. Then I encountered a struggle with major depressive disorder  from 10 - 17 which waxed and waned in intensity. This was compounded by a misdiagnosis of schizophrenia which put me on antipsychotics and exacerbated my previousdisorder  into full blown hallucinations and paranoia. I have, however, been able to recover through extensive work with a really dedicated therapist, and am happy to say that I am past my depression  nowadays.You CAN feel great  about being a person again, but you will always have a distinct sort of empathy towardsdepressed  people and I hope that this can help  others who feel so isolated and alone like I did. So, I've compiled some things that I do to help keep my own head above water and I think would help both people who are past depression or currently suffering from it.1. Write poetry/keep a journalI know it's a cliche, but you don't have to show it to anyone. Having a record of how you feel allows you to go back and think about it in a more objective context later and lets you really sit down and reflect on your feelings and what their root causes might be.2. Keep some small plantsThere's something magical about watching something grow and nurturing it. However, it's easy to get overly attached to one plant, so I recommend keeping several of different types - preferably some that smell nice  and are brightly colored because it will hopefully help ease your mind for at least a few minutes a day.3. Talk to someone/somethingOften, just confessing how you feel, rather than bottling it up, can be extremely helpful . Ideally, you'd speak to a close friend about it, but I realize that is probably difficult for most people for a variety of reasons, and sometimes it's just easier to talk to a pet or even out loud to yourself. Getting things off of your chest - even if its not in a journal and there's no record of it, is often extremely helpful.4. Punch something innocuousAt least for me, a lot of depression was really rage that I turned inward for fear of hurting others. Letting this out in a harmless way prevents you from focusing it on yourself. So, if you can, buy a punching bag and use it, or even just hit a pillow as many times as you need to to start feeling better.5. Exercise When you're depressed, this seems like climbing Mount Everest. Hell, even for mentally-healthy people, starting and sticking to an exercise program  can be near-impossible. The trick is to find a friend who is willing to do it with you or to make it enjoyable in whatever way you feel most comfortable - even if it means getting wii-fit or a DDR pad to play at home. Not only does exercise release endorphins, but depressed people often tend to over/under eat and regularly exercising can really help stabilize this which will help you manage that aspect of your depression.6. Get OutsideIt's often people's tendency to cage themselves indoors when they are depressed. When I did this, I was desperately trying to escape reality by creating my own world. However, getting outside and just going for a leisurely walk when the sun is out can help more than you think. Also, this helps  start on #5.7. Get a hobbyHobby's are great because not only do they provide you with a stress relieving way to be alone, but they're also constructive. Building or creating something when you're depressed can give you a huge confidence boost because it can be the first step in realizing that you do have self worth. Also, hobby's generally tend to have very tight-knit communities built around them that are generally very accepting of new members, even if they tend to be shy or loners.8. See a therapistThis isn't so much a little tip as it is a necessity. A lot of people don't believe in therapy, and clearly there are bad therapists out there, but as soon as you meet with one, you are not bound to them forever. Find a therapist who you are comfortable talking with and one that actually offers advice or different ways of looking at things and provides constructive methods through which you can deal with your depression while you search for the root of it. However, the most important part of dealing with depression is to know that nothing you have ever done makes it right for you to feel this way. There is a better world out there, and I don't know if I would have believed me if I were to say this to my teenaged self, but it's true.Clearly this list is incomplete, so I invite others to respond and/or post their own suggestions!