Bah Humbug?? – Re-evaluating Xmas memoriesThe other day I was on a bit of a downer and feeling generally glum about the approach of Christmas.I found myself trying to explain to myself and rationalise my feelings. Exactly why does Christmas get my hackles up. Why does every rendition of “Frosty the Snowman” find me fantasising about blowtorches?  I looked back over Christmases past to see if I could find a pattern. I could find little that wouldn’t be familiar to everyone. It starts too early – It’s too commercial – it forces us into forced bonhomie with folk we normally barely talk to and who don’t talk to us – we pay ridiculous amounts for foods we wouldn’t normally buy, often don’t even enjoy – we eat too much, have the obligatory family row and fall asleep in front of the telly – Oh and the Christmas telly’s crap and never as good as it was back in the day.  As a small child I loved Christmas and looked forward to it with probably incredibly annoying enthusiasm even long after I’d stopped believing that a fat guy in a red suit could fit down a chimney we didn’t have. I maintained a pretence of believing in Santa for several years after rumbling the truth. I’d pretend to be asleep listen to the creaks and groans as pressies were deposited at the foot of my bed – wait till I heard the exhausted creak of the parental mattress springs as my poor mum thought she was finally going to get an hour or two sleep and then leap out of bed, bounce brightly into the room announcing at the top of my juvenile lungs “He’s been, he’s BEEN”So what happened?? Where did that enthusiasm go??Perhaps it started to go wrong because I was born on Boxing Day. As a little’un I assumed everyone had two days’ worth of presents. When I started school I learned otherwise. Other children only got presents on Christmas day itself. BUT – they had a whole day some other time of the year that was solely about them; their special day. Mine was the day we visited and got visited by those relative that we hadn’t fitted in yet. “Yes we know it’s your birthday but we haven’t seen Auntie/uncle so and so for Christmas yet .”Is that accurate though?? Is that really how it was??I think in fact maybe I’m lucky to have my Boxing day birthday. For one thing being born on a public holiday means I never had to go to school on my birthday – an indignity visited on most of my peers. I always got to celebrate on the actual day and not the nearest Saturday or Sunday because everyone had school/work on the day itself. So what if I got lots of “This is for your birthday and your Christmas” type presents. Being born at the traditional time of togetherness probably meant I my birthday got remembered by a lot of folk who might otherwise have forgotten the date or not have visited.I think I could go over a lot of my customary seasonal gripes and by looking at them with a more objective eye, see that actually a great many of them are distortions created by a brain which has often been on a downer at this time of year and not necessarily seeing things clearly.