If i die tommorow at least you got my messageDear friend...You are an important ,extraordinary unique and golden individual! Everything that has happened to you...All you've been through..., has formed you into the somebody you are today...Nothing! absolutely nothing! has been wasted...Every tiny trauma has been uploaded to the eternal cosmic hardrive....The agony and misery you have experienced, has become a priceless commodity, a new currency of experience, strength and hope a purpose that will touch the hearts and minds of all one makes contact with...Especially our beautiful broken souls, desperate to climb out of the belly of the beast, tortured and tormented by the scourge of affliction...You are building a new life now, this time upon the rock, for you are still here! and must not be moved! No matter what , for you have earned your passage to the road of happy destiny.. And.As you trudge this graceful, righteous road, you will meet life long friends, who will support and comfort you in times of tribulation...You are on firm ground now, for the bomb has already dropped and devastated anything worthwhile in your former life , you are safe now, for you have already been ruined ,and fallen on your own sword...You have survived the brutal winter of your life, and it is spring now!...Only good things are in the post for you!, Expect good things to come to you! Say " I expect good things to come to me"... for where your attention goes... your energy flows! and so it will be... For as you believe... you will receive, please don't doubt, for you will go without! where your attention goes your energy flows...Believe in the impossible and never doubt the miracle that you are... you've come this far!...Fear of death is cruel, but there is a fate graver than death itself...Wishing that you had lived, living dead, dying in your mind a thousand times,just wishing it would all just end, never waking up, a life full of remorse and regret, wishing if only, when the ship done left the port...Rejoice and celebrate that you are fighting the good fight and didn't give up on yourself and let life pass you by, that your alive today...and that the best years of your existence lie ahead... for as deep and as broad is your suffering...so shall be your comfort...Ub3