More Fats In Diet - Worth A ShotCouple of weeks ago came down with tonsilithis and it bothered me for almost o month. Got plenty of meds from doctor but I just could get completely OK. Still had some cough and feeling of hotness with excessive sweating. On advice of my good friend I almost doubled amount of fats in my diet. The good hearty non-artificial kind of fats like organic eggs, youghurt and cheese, nuts (almond, hazels and so on), olive oil and lard (good homemade one, not the processed crap). Suddenly I felt much stronger and better in like three days, which I find amazing results. Here is the kicker: I was suprised to find that my depression has gotten better. It's still there, but lows don't feel so low anymore. Suprisingly my chronic digestive problem is almsot gone and my skin looks clearer. I also sleep better and feel less tired during the day and more in the evening.So here's my thought. Quality natural fats are actually good for you. Good diet can be based on the concept of relatively high fats with intake of protein and carbs depending on your level of physical activity (not forgetting plenty of fresh vegatable and some fruit of course!). So I worked out completely new diatery plan for myself and showed it to my doctor and dietician. They both said that it looks OK and I can give it a shot for a few months and see (althought that doctor looked slightly offed by this idea). So far I'm practising this eating philosophy for almost a month and not only that I didn't gain weight but I actually lost some (I'm in 3rd year of weight reduction so far lost 40kg and gained plenty of muscle). The shocker was that just yeasterday my checkup blood test turned out almost ideal levels of cholesterols and tryglicerides (both were no matter what high for years). That came as a suprise since my favourite breakfast is pancetta with 3 eggs and parmasan cheese on it.I just think it's a good idea to stop for a moment with this fat hystery and use more common sense. Maybe typical western diet's problems isn't fat but lack of good fats compensated with buttloads of sugar, salt, starch and dozens of artificial additives.So here's my message: Live a little. Put some butter (or homemade lard with pork rinds for that matter, it's delicious! :-) ) on your bread instead of some crappy substitution. Don't be afraid to fry on lard or bacon fat, it has way higher smoke point than any plant oil so it lowers carcinogens greatly. And stay away from all those 0,1% fat youghurt mockups.Just some thoughts. You don't have to try it, you don't have to agree. I only posted it becouse it seems to help my overall health depression included. 