: After 10 Years I Got HelpIt's taken me well over 10 years to speak to a psychologist/therapist about my problems and what has happened within my life to make me the person I am today. I always had a feeling that I had depression and anxiety but hearing someone else say it made it all feel so real and to be honest, quite horrifying. I was sexually assaulted by an older man who my parents considered a friend when I was about 9 years old. I didn't know what was happening or that it was wrong at the time, As I got older, it played on my mind and having trust in other males was incredibly hard and still is to this day. Throughout Primary School I was constantly bullied and I used to pee my pants a lot. Going into High School was no better, I had my fair share of two faced friends. Because of what was happening at school, I wasn't a great child at home. I was so horrible to my parents and for that, I was physically and verbally punished. A few months before my 17th Birthday I was kicked out of home, luckily my Grandmother took me for a few weeks until things had calmed down at home.  After I finished school, I found myself a job as I didn't have enough faith in myself to study at uni. After a few months things were getting full on again at home and I ended up moving in with a male and his daughter who he has part time. After a few weeks we began to get close and eventually became and item, after 3 years we are still together - it has not been easy. After being together 6 months, he had heart failure and nearly passed away. It was then that I found out he had been sleeping with someone else. He knows what mistakes he has made and I hope he doesn't make them again. About a month after I quit my job due to severe bullying at work and started working for my Dad until I found something else. I haven't left. My grandparents passed away not long after and within 9 months of each other which really really broke our family. They meant the world to me and to not have them here to talk to and offer advice, it's such an empty feeling. I've had a fair few issues with people at work lately and it's tipped me well and truly over the edge. After all this time, I went to my GP and got a referral to see someone. I have just had my second session and am so thankful I took that first step but so mad at myself for leaving it this long and letting things get so bad. I have a LONG way to go yet and am currently at a stage where I am at breaking point. Hopefully things look up....