Baby StepsI have been struggling for nearly six years now and only this last year I have tried to come terms with accepting I'm depressed. People don't talk about depression and it still almost seems taboo. I haven't told anyone because I'm scared. I'm afraid of not being understood and it makes me feel really stuck. Six years ago, I lost a grandparent to cancer. He'd been given his time left and you'd think that would prepare you, but it doesn't. I am terrible for denial and I don't think I accepted he was dying. When he did pass, for a month or two I didn't really grieve, I cried when I was alone sometimes then tried my best to just carry on like normal and I almost just felt numb. So for a couple of months I went on as normal as I could and then another grandparent became ill with cancer and it hit me hard. I was told they'd got cancer and they'd got to have tests but it probably wasn't going to be bad and I just felt like my world had been turned upside down. All of a sudden I felt all the grief I had tried not feel and I felt so guilty. I cried myself to sleep every night and still to this day my family doesn't know how hard I found it. I spoke to one friend a little about it, but I didn't want to annoy them. This was the middle of my exams and then I put all my effort into doing them, making myself feel stressed, but actually managing to do quite well. I went on to do a levels and this was one of my harder times. I got really stressed worse then the previous exams. I'd come home and just breakdown in tears. I lost some of my closest friends which added to the stress. Then through this I lost a part of me, I changed. I had plans to go to university and one night I withdrew my whole application losing hope. I ended up finishing with really bad grades and with no job. I was unemployed for a while and really felt down and thought things were never going to feel better. I stopped seeing my friends. I got a job and then I had very mixed days. Bad days weren't really caused by anything and this made me feel worse. I saw my friends once every few months and felt very alone probably through no fault of my own. I then lost my job, I'm now in a new job and just taking each day as it comes.These last year or so when I do go out I shake and feel sick. I feel tired all the time and my sleep is messed up. For as long as I remember I stay up as long as I can because I just don't want to wake up to a new day and then a lot of days I can't get up. Recently I have had a few more good days. It's just very mixed and I will have long periods of feeling really down. I struggle because still no one knows and I don't think I can say anything because people will just say I'm selfish or ask why and I can't answer that myself. I wish I could just stop feeling this way. It took a lot to write this and it took a long time to decide whether to post this or not.I don't know if I'll ever feel better. Today was a good day but tomorrow's a new day. 