Light at the end of the tunnel?Hi everyone. Feeling a bit pleased with myself and here is why  The past couple of weeks have been really hard for me. I am not on medication at the moment, so when the dark cloud started to descend I was really hoping it was only a couple of day thing. It hasn't been. My house has gone to pot. The washing has started to gather speed and it seems to be seeping down the stairs, washing up wasn't done for a few days, as apparently the oh is not able to do it It has been a struggle just to get out of bed and get the kids to school. Then on Monday my son is basically assaulted by another boy in his class. He was kicked so hard between his legs, I had to take him to the gp who tells me that although his "crown jewels" are ok, he has bruising on his willy   So I kept him off school yesterday and phoned the school to tell them why and they call me back, to ask how he is etc.I dont do confrontation very well. Last time I confronted a man who had threatened to hit my son, he reported me to the headmaster of the school and I was "brought" in to tell my side of the story. Sadly for him, the headteacher and others in the school know me well and were totally on my side!Anyway, I arranged to speak to the parent liason officer, who was quite angry at what had gone on, as this is the third time my son has been kicked between his legs.I told the liason officer that if it happens once more, I will take my son out of the school, untill such a time they can guarantee his safety and would be making an official complaint to the governing body of the school. This got the full backing of the liason officer. Anyway the outcome is, the boy and his parents have been told that if it happens once more to any other child, this boy will be excluded. I am going to take him back to school tommorow and see the head teacher, before he goes into class and I want a guarantee this boy will be kept away from him.I was very calm and polite and feel very pleased that my point was made and that it seems I have the backing now of the school. I think it is sad that my son had to be physically hurt, before something more was done about it, but the end result is what is important.My washing is still up to my eyeballs, but I have gotten some done today. It has taken me two days to get the house reasonably tidy, which is still is. I finally tried the one step at a time thing. First, just to get out of bed. Then only think about making the breakfast etc. And it really did help.I dont feel great just yet, but more able to get on with basic things. And so far I have managed without going back on my tablets. But they are there if I need to.I feel quite proud of "picking myself up" over the last couple of days. And Suzi and so many on you on here have listened to me when I am down, I just wanted to tell you about my success too xx