My RecoveryIt's been nearly two years since I posted on here, but I wanted to give some encouragement to everyone by talking about how my life has transformed since then.I guess first I should give a quick background on where I was. When I joined this forum towards the end of the summer of 2012 I was single and living with my parents. I was 27 years old and was extremely isolated and alone. The only friends I had were just people I played computer games with online. It felt like a pretty pathetic existence. Most of my old friends from college ditched me because I differed so much from them on certain faith-based issues. I harbored a lot of bitterness and confusion about what happened and I often couldn't sleep because it still bothered me so much.After spending 5 years at a university, I left with no degree because of an unforeseen financial catastrophe even though I had completed all my requirements for my degree. I owed a huge amount of debt so my records were sealed. This made it to where I couldn't get a job in the field I studied. I had a hard time finding work like so many people and wound up working at Dollar General just to get by. I worked there for a couple of years when my dad offered me a chance to come home and begin working with him in his accounting office. Despite having zero experience with accounting I took the opportunity just to get out of retail; however, I struggled majorly with the transition, and at the time I joined this forum, I was failing miserably at the job and feeling like I needed to change careers, but honestly I had no real skill set, and despite the the new job, I still wasn't making enough money to pay off my debt to get my degree.I also was attending and "leading worship" (I cringe at that phrase now) at a church that was very toxic to me at that time. I felt trapped there because my parents went there and a lot of people there depended on me so heavily. Most people use things like a church or religious organizations as a means to break away from their daily struggles, yet this particular place helped drag me down as low as I could possibly go. I was on "staff" at this church, and I saw things behind the scenes that brought my emotions and faith down to new lows.All of these things and more had been building for years, and I just got to the point where I wanted to die. I withdrew into myself completely and began planning my suicide. I had dealt with suicidal thoughts and deep bouts with depression in the past, but for the first time I had lost the fear of it. My depressed went from incredible sadness to numbness. I joined this forum because I knew that my life was jeopardy, and I reached out to people who might understand.This forum really helped me endure at the time, and there were a lot of people here to listen and a lot of people encouraged me by just letting me talk. Did my sadness go right away? No, but what happened was I was able to continue to hold on long enough for something to change. For that, I'll always be thankful to everyone here.It's been nearly two years now, and I can say that today I've never been happier and content with my life. I want bore you with all the details, but I would like to share the personal changes I have made that have helped me immensely. The first and most important was I got married. I met someone who really understands me and is very patient with me, but also someone who inspires me to be a better person. I will tell you that I feel like I got very lucky in meeting someone, but if it can happen to me, it can happen to you. Marriage doesn't always solve peoples problems, though, and I know for many it has been a source of them, so I won't dwell on it too much. The important thing, for me, is that is has been something that forced me to change my mindset.Another thing I've done is get out of a lot of toxic situations. I left the church I was at. Another thing was I moved out of my house. While I have a great relationship with my dad, I feel that my mother and grandmother, who also lived at home with me, had toxic personalities. As terrible is it may sound, being away from them has been good for me. I still see them and talk to them, but it's only on my terms now, and if they start being too toxic, I can choose to get away from them or not talk to them. I think it's very important to keep people who bring you down at a distance. Can they still be in your life? Sure. Can you still love them as friends or family? Sure, but don't let negative people constantly into your life - no matter who.The last thing was I took charge of my career. I decided to try my best to get better, so I started taking online classes and pay as I go. I've improved immensely a my job, and work has picked up so much that I was actually able to pay my debt off at school already. I still struggle sometimes, but I know that everyday I get a little better and a little more knowledgeable. I would recommend to anyone, no matter what you (retail, food industry, construction, etc...) that educating yourself can do nothing but help you. I am not even going for a degree in accounting - I am just taking classes to learn and better myself and it has really paid off.I know it's easy to say these things now, and I've been there - so numb, so depressed, so confused to the point where I just wanted to end it. I just hope that my story gives some hope to someone and encourages someone out there. Definitely don't quit on yourself, and keep talking on here. It may not seem like much, but just venting and letting it out can really help you hold on long enough for something to change.Thank you to everyone who listened to me two years ago!Don't give up!- Jay