  Depression came to visit me________________________________________Depression came to visit me, about three years ago. It walked into my life, an uninvited and unwanted guest. For almost three years, I fought with it every day, I asked it "What the hell are you doing here in my life, huh?!?!", "When are you going to leave?" and I said to it on many occasions "I just can't stand you being here anymore! You've ruined my life! You've got what you wanted, so why don't you just pack up and leave already like the destroyer/demon that you are!"And then, it turned around and said to me "I can't leave because you still don't get it, it is you that doesn't want me to leave. I can't leave until the angel called deeper understanding comes and commands me to leave. The day he comes, you won't even need to tell me to leave, I'll find the door myself." It was then the whole lot made sense, after three years of toil.This thing called depression. Many of us know it well. We see what it does to us, how it ruins us. Many of us have had to give this unwanted guest board and lodging for decades, and he just doesn't want to leave. But, the question is, have we seen what it is reallydoing to us? What it is really trying to show us?While I was depressed, I felt numb, I didn't care about anything, even my own health. I wished so many times I could just die and get it over with. I begged for something to happen in the night, so I don't see the morning come. Guess what, I never got my wish. Why? I thought. I thought it was here to destroy me, to break me, to end me, so why not do what you came here to do, depression? "Because I didn't come to kill you. I came to lay the groundwork so that you can be fixed again." What?! So, it just came to destroy my life so I can be fixed again? "Typical!" I thought. Some mean-spirit coming to ruin everything to just make a showcase for itself. Nope, wrong again. "You were broken before I came!" Now you're pushing it pal! We both know you were the one that did this to me! "Not this stuff that I'm doing to you, I'm talking about the stuff you did toyourself long before I came along." What on earth is this thingtalking about? "O Adrian, call me what you want, degrade my name, I have seen it before with many before you, I understand how you feel about me. What you don't realize is, these walls I build around you are irrelevant, because you were in a self-made prison long before that."What on earth was this damn thing on about? Prison? What prison? Self-made? Me? What did I do? I didn't do a damn thing!"Exactly Adrian!"Now you're testing my patience pal! Stop speaking in riddles and give it to me straight!"I am"OK, so why are you here then?"I am here because you are special, you have something others don't seem to have. A conscience and the need to think and question, and reason."O typical, first you p*ss me off, now you try to kiss my butt because you want something from me now again, don't you? You're pathetic!"Don't flatter yourself! I am not here to be your friend, your buddy. I am here to lay the groundwork for your healing. Tell me then, if you were OK before I came, why did you then follow and believe or do the following:1. You believed suicide is the coward's way out,2. You believed if you sat in church every Sunday, you would find God,3. You said don't judge a book by it's cover, but you didn't bother to get to know anyone beyond their daily appearance,4. You enlighten people, yet you were ashamed to be seen as some kind of teacher,5. You have so many special gifts, yet you pushed them aside so as not to stand out from other people,6. You cared about other's happiness more than your own, and even forsook your own because you thought they deserved happiness more than you,7. You believed getting a stable, well-paying job, a house and a good-looking wife were the things that real men attained in life,8. You believed sex was the cornerstone of a good relationship with a woman, and if you suck at it, you'll fail her,9. You believed all women are better than you and you didn't deserve their time and attention,10. You believed other men are better than you, and you should give up what you want and give it to them instead because they deserve it more,11. You could not tell the difference between love and hate."Hang on, you're speaking in past tense, hey, where are you going? Not even a goodbye?"I'm outta here!"