Fish out of waterReally, this is just whining compared to the legitimate grievances most people on the forums have, but it's been frustrating me for a while and I feel like venting. And who knows? Maybe it'll even be pertinent to others out there.I've had depression for a good portion of my life. Almost half, in fact, although at my tender age that only rounds out to 10 years or so, give or take a few depending on where you draw the diagnostic lines. To give a little context, I had my first MDE and suicide ideations at 8, and it's been an on-again, off-again tale of whirlwind abusive romance with depression ever since. I spent the majority of those years undiagnosed; as a child I didn't really have the option, as a teenager I hated and feared everyone too much to drag myself to therapy (not to mention that damnable pride), and my parents are from a different age  and place, where the entire concept is foreign. I was finally forced to cave two years ago when the 3rd MDE hit during my HSC. It was probably one of the best things that could've happened to me. Thanks to a few lifestyle changes (university is several thousand times less tedious than high school and regular exercise is pretty fantastic as well) and a decent therapist, I've been making progress ever since. Sluggishly, slowly, yes but progress nonetheless. I'm still bonded to the black dog, but rather than trailing in its wake, I'm the one who chooses where I go now. It's still there, but at least this time round I'm the one doing the dragging. It can (and does) slow me down, but at least I'm moving forward now. I've seen the light of the tunnel and have for a good two or so months. I don't know if I'll ever get there, if I can ever get there, but I'm closer to it than I've ever been.So why "fish out of water"?I've been pushing my life forward and recently it seems to have shifted in a big way. I've always been on top of things academically and where professionalism is required, my perfectionism keeps me up to par. Like so many others, the social sector is where I falter. Yet these recent changes are forcing me to work on precisely that.I've had depression for a long time. Anxiety too. They are old, malevolent companions, and I know how to deal with them. I know how to endure their influence and the pain they cause. I can move forward despite the burden they present, slowly but surely. For the sake of my goals, I can do anything. Will do anything.But friends?I haven't the foggiest where to begin.