I think I'm leavingI really didn't socialize much when I got into this site, so probably nobody remembers me, and maybe they won't remember me when I'm gone.But before you think I'm going to do something crazy, worry not... I'm just leaving because I believe from now on, my life will only get better.Which is a bit ironic, the happiest moment in my life comes right when my country is in the middle of major protest which currently has killed more than 30 people in the last two months (without counting the thousands that die in isolated violent crimes that have nothing to do with the protest).Last year, I met this wonderful girl and for the first time in my life I got into a relationship, at 26 years old. I even had some sexual experiences too.For those who haven't got into sex or relationships, well having a relationship changes your perspective on a bunch of things, but it doesn't make you happy. You decide if you want to be happy or keep laying down on the corner and crying, that's the cold truth (at least, for me).Sex isn't that great, I haven't had any casual sex, just sex with a person I love a lot. Which is good, but it isn't the best thing in the world.I learned to forgive every person that hurted me, and in the proccess, I learned to forgive myself. Being grateful and forgiving are two of the best things that can improve your life. Don't regret anything, if you have hope you can always WORK on getting better. Don't live in the past or in the future, live your present. I haven't mastered that yet, but I know I'm on the right path.I believe I still have a lot of hardships ahead, but I'm getting prepared for them. I'm planning on leaving my country to seek a better life. Currently, I live in Venezuela, one 5th or 4th most violent country in the world, the biggest inflation in America (almost 60%), and just behind Cuba in lowest minimum wage, which is currently $50 dollars a month.My girlfriend is currently working on Panama, and that's where I want to go. If I'm gonna be with her or not, I can't say.Bless you all.