Thoughts On Physical ActivityHello everyone,This is my first time posting here!  I haven't had a deeper look on the forum but I would just like to share some of my experience these days. I'm just writing about the first topic that came to my mind. At first, I brief explanation of what I go through. I became aware I was depressed back in early 2011 (now I know things had already been complicated way before that) and it took me about one year and a half to seek help. So about one year ago I started psychoanalysis. Therapy has had its merits for me but that's not what I would like to talk about. When I decided to take therapy eventually I realized I also needed some changes in my life. I had always been extremely sedentary and then I decided I'd try to exercise. I started slowly by jogging a couple of times a week. Then I started to get functional training and jogging routines which I followed. Then I started to mountainbike (hadn't had a bike ride since 10 years before I think). I started to get adicted to it. I couldn't go one day without exercising. I never intended to get enormous or anything, I was doing it to see if it would help me with my anxiety and depression. And eventually I realized it did! A few months later I was going through a tough phase and I was talking to a friend and he recommended me that I should try yoga. I thought "why not? I have nothing to lose anyway", so I did. After a while it started to feel incredible, I would have the biggest insights about my ownself between one pose and another. Sometimes I would feel extremely depressed the whole day and after any kind of activity on the evening I was calmed down and could sleep. It took it a while to start really having results but eventually all these efforts made sense. About a couple of months ago I had to give it all some time as I was incredibly busy. A few weeks later I came back to yoga and I tried doing it everyday for a week. I ended up overexercing and started to feel pains in my knees and shoulder. So I'm having to take some time of before it heals (been working on it with physiotherapy). As a result my concentrations levels are low and I have troubles sleeping at night. I'm not really at the point where I was at first, I'm actually doing a lot better. But it is obvious to me how physical activity does play a big part on my road to recovery!  I just wanted to share this experience with you. It has been a huge help for me and I at first I doubt it would have been this way. Its clear to me that it doesn't really does the job for me, but it makes it easier (if not possible). Cheers!