am i beating thisI want to post here because i feel that i am working on beating depression and i want to share this with you in the hope of giving you all the faith that it is possible. I say i am working on beating depression, but tthat doesnt mean its gone. For me i suspect depression will always be there but it as i continue to deal with it and recognise the signs of blips it does get better. For those of you who dont know me i will give you a brief overview of my story:From around oct 2010 to mar 2011 i was getting increasingly stressed with pressures at work and not coping with home life with 2 small children. I was finding it harder to juggle the demands of a working mum. I was getting more stressed and occasionally making silly mistakes at work and having issues with a manager. Some colleagues noticed i wasnt myself but i just brushed it off saying kids not sleeping well and i was tired. I should have recognised the signs having previously suffered a dwpressuve epispde 10 yrs earlier. I was afraid to tell anyone this and didnt want to admit defeat. In march i broke down hysterricaly in work after a nasty confrontation and i just simply couldnt cope. The dr signed me off two weeks with stress. I tried to return to work but i couldnt concentrate or handle anything and dr diagnosed me with moderate depression in may and started me on ad. After another week at work i couldnt handle any more and was signed off. I spent the majkriry of the nect four months in bed. Not caring and not wanting to do anything. I couldnt even manage to takes kids to school. I just about managed to force myself out of bed to pick them up. I had no energy for them. I felt guilt. I became severelly depressed and gp referred me to psych. But after crisis team involvement and lots of changes to meds, intensive therapy involving cbt and counselling i can now say i am on the road to recovery. I did attempt to return to work last Nov but it was too soon and only survived 3 weeks. I spilled down again. But with alto of help and determination i got up again. I found distractions, including self taught crouched having been inspired by some talented members here. I also started volunteering. I finally made it back to work July this year and i am extremely proud of myself that i have made it this far. Its been tough and returning back after a long leave of absence is one of the hardest things i have ever done especially because there are so many triggers at work. I was fortunate to get a short course of counselling when i when back to work and this helped me be more assertive and to speak out when some think is upsetting me. I know that mh is still a big stigma in the work place. People look at me and think i look ok. But deep inside i know i am only getting through this because of the tools i have picked up in therapy. Only today i had to remind myself of this before i lost it. I have been feeling very low this evening and that's one of the reasons why i wanted to write this. I wanted to look back and acknowledge how far i havery come and how much better i am compared to this time last year. I was in a very very dark place and i had lost myself. It was the most scary experience ever and one i don't want to revisit. Things could have gone either way but there was one particular incident (which idon't want to talk about) that woke me up and made me push myself to get better. Know i look at my children everyday and i realise how grateful i ammo i want to spend time with them and give them as much love as i can. They are both happy when they see me happy. Even if i am not great i try my best to fake it for them. I want everyone to know there is light at the end of the tunnel. Remember it does take time. Therapy and drugs do help but the person who has to help the most is ourselves. We have to push ourselves. Try our best to see positive and do positive. Start with those baby steps and keep moving forward. I am still pushing myself everyday. Still having issues with my meds (but that's another post). Still fighting this depression but i do believe i am BEATING it and i know each and every one of you can too.