"Everyone has baggage......find someone who loves you enough to help you unpack"I like quotes - always have. Have a collection of them actually - on postit notes and postcards and scrawled on back of receipts and things when I see or hear them and don't have anywhere else to write them down.This one has been floating about for a long time and until very recently it meant nothing to me at all really. My baggage was my problem. I packed it - I should lug it around. I was loathe to let anyone help me carry it, much less allow it to be unpacked piece by piece where all the awful horrifying embarrassing personal things could be seen. And then you came along. You know who you are - I am not sure you know what you mean to me, not really, or how much I owe you. And you would be the first to tell me that I do not owe anything to anyone. This is one of the rare occasions that you are wrong.I owe you for each day I wake up and I am not scared to face the day because I know I will not be doing it alone - I know that even if you are not around, you are thinking of me often - I know that if I need you, you will be there.I owe you for being able to smile again - not just on my face where the world can see, but inside where only I know - where only I see. I owe you for making me feel warm and safe and valued and important - for making me feel like I matter.I owe you for pushing me to be stronger - to fight harder - to not give up or let go. To reach for the things I want instead of convincing myself I cannot have them.I owe you for proving to me that there are good people - amazing, strong, inspiring people - and that the reallly good people will not judge or use or hurt me - that those who do are not people I want or need in my life.I owe you for helping me to believe in the future - for every single day that you make me want to live it rather than give up on it.I owe you for teaching me more about myself than I thought possible and letting me be who I am after so many years spent trying to be somebody, anybody, else.I owe you for helping me unpack my baggage, piece by dirty piece, hour after hour, with patience and kindness and understanding - with strength and honesty and insight. For helping me start to believe that not only do I not have to carry it alone, but that some of it can be left in the gutter where it belongs. I do not need it. It is not mine. I owe you for your friendship, your time, your strength and your love. And I will repay you in the only way I believe you would ever allow - by loving you back.Thank you xxx