  My Anti-Depressants (No Pills or Therapy)In several threads, I've mentioned how much better I'm doing. I told you about a few things that helped me, and now I'll give you a whole list. These things may not work for everyone, and some of you may see them as stupid. All I can say is that I probably wouldn't be here right now if it wasn't for these things.1. Affirmation- When I feel negative thoughts coming, I say "Thank you for sharing, Monkey, now go back to your cage." This affirmation came to me after a conversation with my business coach about fear of rejection. He said the ego is like a monkey that acts up whenever we face  something he doesn't like. I was surprised at how effective  it was when I first made it a habit. My thoughts would change so fast, I'd sometimes forget what I almost got mad at. When I created it, I went more than a week without getting angry. Quite an achievement for someone with anger problems.2. The Law of Attraction- this is philosophy that states that you attract the things you focus on the most, into your life. I'd say this philosophy is the biggest contribution to the good changes in my life. The Secret is a documentary about the Law of Attraction. Success coaches such as Bob Proctor, Randy Gage, and Jon Mercer (all of whom have YouTube channels) are big on this.3. Watch people getting along- I tend to get very pessimistic of the general public. One thing I learned in my studies of LoA is to focus more on what I want. In this case, that means positive people. So I watch movies and TV shows about friendship and that have unusual amounts of harmony and love among the characters. I still enjoy some of the shows from my childhood, including shows from 1990's Nick Jr. and PBS Kids, which happen to have plenty of both. YouTube can be your friend here. I also like to read children's picture books.4. Eat foods that fight depression- Stock up on foods loaded withvitamin B . In my case, that includes bananas, salmon, and potatoes. Here are some more choices.5. Sleep  with brainwave entrainment in your headphones- YouTube has many hypnosis and brainwave entrainment videos for happiness anddepression  relief  that you can download and convert to mp3 to play on your mp3 player while you sleep. One channel to look for is FingerprintDiVA.6. Watch subliminal videos- YouTube has a certain channel I go to callediGodMindTy that features several videos featuring videos full of subliminal messages, binaural beats, and visualizations all in one. Watching one in particular every day caused me to speak louder and more confidently than what I'm used to. Another caused me to eat healthier and overcome urges to eat when I wasn't hungry.7. Limit your time with negative media- whether you realize it or not, what you watch and listen to can affect  your moods, consciously or subconsciously. I sold my violent video games and made a habit to avoid breakup songs (which are about as negative as my tastes in music would go, lol), slapstick comedy, insult comedy, and fight shows (DBZ, etc). I didn't just decide to do this and do it. The decision and actions naturally came because I was so used to immersing myself in positive movies, music, etc.__________________"Thank you for sharing, Monkey. Now go back to your cage." - I used to say this when I felt negative thoughts (the monkey) coming, and it usually stopped them in their tracks.  If you can read this, you are AWESOME!  There are billions of people in the world. There is someone for everybody