Rough Day Today, But Taking It One Step At A Time--And Debating A Big Decisiontoday was not a good day, emotions wise. I started seeing a new therapist today after the one I was supposed to see fell through because they no longer take my health insurance. Then, I get my work schedule and it's not what I'm normally supposed to have (5 shifts per week, 3 morning and 2 night shifts- have only 4 shifts). Because of a coworker being in the hospital, I am working a day I'm supposed to have off. But it is also because of this sudden hospitalization for my coworker that I cannot pick up the dog I am adopting on Sunday, which I've been looking forward to for days. I'm not necessarily upset or depressed about it, but more uncertain because it seems like I'll never have a regular schedule at my current job. The decision I am debating is about my house. I have owned my house for just under one year in NJ, which is great but comes with the drawbacks of a high cost of living and extremely high property taxes. I moved back to NJ from Delaware by way of Pennsylvania. Given my really irregular work schedule, the high cost of living and taxes in NJ, and so much uncertainty about my future at my current job, I am thinking about looking for jobs back in Delaware, selling my house, and buying a small place in Delaware for me and my dog (if I ever get to go formally adopt her). Moving back to Jersey has been amazing, since it is where I grew up, but I have the feeling that I have to do what is best for me and my situation. I think me job and house/condo hunting in Delaware is my best option- I would be moving to an area I already know, I would be close to family and other people I know, as well as be in an area with a lower cost of living than NJ. This may sound like my depression talking, but I don't think it is. I just need peoples' opinions, and I'm not established enough at my therapist yet to be comfortable talking to her about it. I also don't want to talk to my parents about it yet until I'm absolutely sure this is what I want and need to do. What are everyone's thoughts on my situation? (FYI- I'm on Wellbutrin XL and doing really well on it). Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk 