  To My friendsHi TTL Community, and members both old and new,I don't know whether many people will remember me, but I used to be a fairly frequent visitor to this site. I then went through a particularly bad phase where even reading posts online were triggering. I wanted to let you know that I am doing ok, and that believe it or not, one day depression will just be an awful memory for you too. In the height of my depression I was suicidal, which I just can't believe now in a healthy  frame of mind. My psychiatrist wanted to hospitalize me and the only thing keeping me out of the ward was the fact that I begged him not to send me there. I'm not going to go into my issues, because that's insignificant here. What I wanted to do was give you hope; there is another life on the other side of your illness. You CAN overcome this. If someone had said these words to me when I was in the height of my illness, I probably would have just laughed and scorned them, and I can imagine many people doing the same now. But I wanted to at least try. Once upon a time I had to force myself out of bed. Force myself to eat, to speak. I couldn't handle my study; I couldn't handle the most menial of jobs. Now, I socialise, I exercise , and I've even started my study again (wish me luck!). Getting over depression IS possible. One day you WILL be able to live a normal life. On the contrary, it will probably be a better life, because depression teaches you so much about yourself and about human nature. It offers you an insight that the majority of humanity (living in their fragile bubble) fail to ever find. Its about being kind to yourself and admitting your limitations. Its about loving yourself and realising you have something to offer. And its about speaking out about your problems and feelings, rather than bottling them up inside. It is possible to get through this, and there is always always hope; nothing is ever worth killing yourself over. I still have my scars, and I'm sure I'll have my bad days, just like everybody else. But I think that the worst is over. More than that, I think that depression has made me into a better person than I ever was before. Good luck and lots and lots of love to everyone. Have strength and faith and remember that THIS TOO WILL PASS