  Progress Story, Not Success (Yet)I wouldnt call this a 'success' story but more of a progression story.What I had yearned for I realise now, through out this progression was that I desperately yearned for understanding. I expected a miracle, a day or a moment in life  where this dark  stalking feeling would divorce  me. That day never came.I cried, I cut and I drank. I was such an actress, hiding the storm that was brewing inside me from the rest of the world. I was a perfect daughter , a bubbly friend and an inspiring teacher. Yes, one that went home and cried and prayed every single night to die. The psychologist I saw was pathetic. Finally I went on medication. I could control  my emotions a bit - but it still wasnt enough..It was when I let go of all expectations...Of all judgement and of most of the fear that drove me that I progressed. I couldnt careless what society thought. I couldnt give a shitt about tradition. I indulged in the fact that I had so many good things and began to shut off all the people who brought ANY form of negativity to my life. I let go of the past, the bad things that happened to me... The things that made me sick night after night, with guilt piling on endlessely. The lack of justice. I figured I had enough.I deserved happiness and finally it hit me , smack bang in the face.I was the ONLY person who can help me be happy. I was the ONLY person to change anything. I was the ONLY person that could control anything happening in my life.So I made choices, I made sacrifices and most of all, I went numb to all the shit things that has happened. Essentially at some point, we all have to let go of the injustices that have happened to us, we have to stop indulging in the misery, because its all we have known for a long  time, we take control of the way we think and discipline our mind...We have to help ourselves before we consume our own selves. The only and only person that can bring justice to us, is ourselves by treating ourselves with self respect, with love and care. Its not an easy process..Whats easy?You will still have bad days, but thats just life. Bad days are bound to come.I am at a point in my life now, where I just couldnt give a rats dail a ducks feather or a flying fuck about society, what other people think and have no expectations. I make my own choices and make sure I have no regrets. I fear no one, not even myself. I respect my parents and adore my friends. I hate the bastard that did this to me, but I wont let him win by allowing myself to be a miserable, depressed girl .Dont ever give up. Dont let it win. Dont waste the opportunity to help yourself. Ever.