Please Love YourselfHi everyone,I have struggled with major depression for almost two years. In reality, I know there are so many who love me, care for me, give to me, help me, and want me to succeed. Yet depression is like a blinding darkness that (unfortunately) has prevented me from seeing any of this. I've been on numerous medications, seen doctors, tried natural therapies (yoga, meditation, etc.). Nothing seemed to really work.Yesterday, however, I woke up with a feeling of love that surrounded me. I cannot remember the last time I actually woke up from sleep happy/not anxious/calm/joyful. I can't really explain how any of this happened, but I know one thing: I want to live. Although there have been many times that this has been untrue, I know that today it is possible and it HAS to be possible.I am only 19. I deserve life. I deserve success (so long as I work for it). I deserve happiness. I deserve joy. I deserve breath.I wanted to post this because I hope that my recent realization will reach at least ONE person who has also felt worthless, tiny, and unimportant. Listen to my message: YOU ARE YOU. There may be/have been horrible things in your life. There may be horrible people around you. There may be negativity in your thoughts and surrounding environment. Yet there is always light. It has taken me a VERY long time to realize this, but I have never been happier. I do not know what has happened exactly, but I am starting to see the world in a new light and I need to share this. So, I may not know you, but I love you. I love your flaws, scars, fears, joys, perseverance, happiness, excitement, and every other emotion that makes you YOU. I do not need to meet you to love you, I already do. Please know that feeling alone (a feeling I have known all too well in the past) is not a truth. I am here and I know you simply because I understand your emotional pain. We all have a story, but that does not define this moment or our future. And, believe me, I know how cliché and annoying that often sounds, but it is true. You are greater than any previous negativity that you may believe defines you. YOU ARE EXTRAORDINARY.As I write this, I am crying. I am crying tears not of sadness, but of hope and joy. Please know there is an end in sight - and end to suffering that will bring life, NOT death. I love you and I send all my warmth to you. Please stay strong. One day (and, in truth, it may be many days from now), you will see light, but you need to keep fighting. I promise it is there, but you need to move forward to find it. When feeling down, remember the love I share with you here. I have faith in you, even if no one else does. My positive faith outweighs any negative onlookers.Love always,t.dt