  My Recovery Journey________________________________________Hi Everyone-I thought I would share my story of recovery from mental illness and addiction because people should know there is hope.I do not believe there is a cure-all for mental illness. I have found that a lot of people on this site have great expectations for their recovery especially what part medications play.Recovery is a process and one that I have finally come to relaize involves 3 parts: Spiritual (A Higher Power's will), Self will, and what I like to call biological and biochemistry of our bodies, which some may say is a Higher Power's will. Now if you don't believe in a Higher Power bare with me here and keep reading. I slipped into a deep depression when I was 14 years old. My overbearing mother emotionally abandoned me when she filed for divorce from my Dad. My mother also decided to turn me against my father and I did willingly. I dealt with the abandonment by turning into depression. Some of my symptoms were staying in bed all day, not taking care of my hygiene, and hallucinating. I have tried to kill myself numerous times by various acts. Both my parents are/were atheists, with my dad being a militant atheist like his father. When I was an adolescent, I often spoke with my Aunt about Jesus and religion. I soon became a born-again Christian. I decided to "enlist" in the Catholic Church and became a faithful adherent. Then came college. The day I moved into the dorms I became addicted to marijuana. Over the years, it grew to almost every single kind of drug - LSD, heroin, ecstasy, shrooms, cocaine, special K, crack, benzos,and eventually my drug of choice which was narcotic pills like OxyContin and morphine. I became selfish. I abandoned the church and became angry with God. I would frequently ask out loud, "Why have you done this to me God?" All during this time I would go in bouts of depression and attempt suicide. Eventually, I would the 12-Step groups. But I scoffed at the God part. My sponsor told me that my current views on a Higher Power were not working and that I needed to "get rid of" my Higher Power altogether and get a new one. At first I made inanimate objects my Higher Power, followed by the 12-Step group members (after all, if they could get clean then that is more powerful than myself", then my Higher Power became my deceased father because I felt him guiding me to certain jobs and people, and finally I now believe in a Higher Consciousness that connects the entire universe it self.After gaining some clean time I became a Recovery Support Specialist at a not-for-profit company here in Arizona. Recovery Support Specialists are peers in the community who provide peer support to people with addictions and/or mental illness. This job changed my life. Sharing with people my story and helping them find resources really helped me get an understanding on my disease. I learned that this disease we have can be spiritual (because being spiritually bankrupt causes us to be selfish), and biological because the chemicals in our brains are out of whack, and it can be a little self will as well because I chose to show up for life whether that was my job, or showering, or reaching out to a friend.Over the years I have tried A LOT of meds. Everything you can think of. I started when I was 15 years old and after a lot of trial and error, I think I have found the right combination of pills. One psychiatrist got me so addicted to Klonopin that I abused them by taking over 10mg a day! That was the worst detox in my life - no lie. When I was younger I tried buspirone and scoffed that it would help my anxiety and of course it "didn't work." Now I am on buspirone 60mg/day for depression and anxiety, Olanzapine 15mg/day for depression and anti-psychotic symptoms, hydroxyzine for sleep and anxiety, Lexapro 20mg/day for depression, and here is the kicker, the secret I would like to share: I take Vyvanse 70mg/day, an amphetamine, for my DEPRESSION. Vyvanse was a miracle drug for me. It got me out of bed and functioning. I have heard people say on the internet that buspirone doesn't work but it works for my biochemistry. I have seen people say trazodone is the only thing that helps them sleep but it did the opposite for me.The point is that everyone's biochemistry is different so we will all have different reactions to the medications but the preceding meds took years for me to figure out and they work wonders. I know everyone is different. There are people on internet forums that are in their selfishness disease. They want a miracle drug. They want a cure. Recovery is a process and requires some spiritual and self-will elbow grease.Hopefully my story will help someone out there who is really struggling. There is hope! Check out how to become a Recovery Support Specialist also called Peer Coach or Peer Specialist.