Dangers Of Hfcs (Known As "glucose-Fructose" On Canadian Labels)Hi all.  I've been doing a lot of research into various food products, due to weight issues and general health.  One of the most controversial and destructive products in many, many foods (like almost all non-diet sodas) is High Fructose Corn Syrup, or HFCS.  Just google "5 reasons high fructose corn syrup will K*i*l*l you" (stars are to pass the censor) to learn of the dangers.   As most of you know, I'm not a medical professional.  But there's pretty good scientific evidence to avoid HFCS.  By the way, it is not the same as regular corn syrup.  HFCS is a highly refined product that actually bypasses the brain's normal satiety mechanisms which, in laboratory tests, contributed to obesity.  Also there's evidence that HFCS can cause "leaky gut syndrome" and body-wide inflammation, which it seems to me could exacerbate depression.  See the above google search to learn why. I was recently horrified to learn that I'd been unknowingly eating/drinking HFCS for years (I'm very careful about reading labels and have known about HFCS for a while) because in Canada it's allowed to be labelled "glucose-fructose."  Now my consumption has been infrequent because I don't drink much soda-pop (other than the occasional Diet Coke which of course has no sweetener but aspartame), but I could have been ingesting it in certain sweet foods too.  I did occasionally have ginger ale as well. Of all the reading I've done about various processed foods, HFCS seems like the worst to me, and I have personally experienced the lack of "satiety" after eating HFCS-containing foods, which is worse than with white sugar (which is bad enough on its own).  That's why I'm posting this - to give others the chance to do their own research and make informed decisions.  I personally am never knowingly going to let another molecule of this stuff pass my lips.   Cheers,Lauryn




Murderers Are More Popular Than Depressed People? Our Society Is Flawed.Okay I admit, the title is a hook.  But answering a member's post made me reflect upon what is really meaningful in relationships.   All the time on DF, I talk to people who are friendless, or almost-friendless - mostly due to not having a sparkling social personna due to depression.  There is nothing wrong with their deeper personality or character - in fact many are deeply thoughtful and caring individuals, but they *feel* inferior due to lack of social popularity.  Sometimes even family members have abandoned or judged them for their mental illness. I happen to read True Crime books (mostly Ann Rule. I have a spoiler below in this paragraph if you read her books) and I can't help but notice the contrast.  The real-life greedy murderers and villains in her novels often have many friends, family and great social lives.  I just finished her most recent book, which is full of mentions of affluent, influential people with wide social circles (inviting each other to their summer homes, for instance), and yet these people totally failed to recognize a heartless sociopath in their midst, because she was an attractive and charismatic woman.  Due to her looks and charisma, she worked for a while in Las Vegas as a limousine driver and often earned thousands of dollars a night in tips.  She drove around celebrities and other wealthy clients, who were obviously taken in by her charm.  Meanwhile she was a ruthless, conniving person who convinced one of her admirers to commit murder simply so she could *sell a house*.  She was an utterly worthless human being who robbed a family of a son and brother so she could have more money, when she was already wealthy.  She also stole large amounts of money and property from one of her wealthy husbands.  Yet she convinced many people she was a wonderful person. My point is to take heart - maybe if you have no friends or family who are kind to you despite your kindness to them, it doesn't mean you are a worthless person.  It may mean you are a truly worthy person.  Because obviously our society, and especially the way we judge other people, is utterly and completely flawed.  In my experience, people from all walks of life from university professors to labourers, are easily taken in by looks and charm, wealth and connections.  It is a rare person who looks deeper.  I almost think the first question out of our mouths when we meet someone should be, "What do you think the basis of one's personal morality should be?" or some such thing.   Certainly that would have saved me a few failed friendships with people who turned out to be less kind and ethical than I thought.   BTW my answer would be that my personal morality is based on treating others how I want to be treated, and trying to increase the amount of kindness and enlightenment in the world. But what do i know?  I'm just a depressed person, not a charming murderer.