  If I got better, YOU will get better too!Hey guys, I haven't posted on this site in over two years I think, and I was reminded of the site tonight and decided to check in really quick and make a post to hopefully inspire even one person about living a good life with depression. A quick background, I started feeling anxious and depressed pretty noticeably around junior year of high school and never told anyone, hoping it would just eventually go away. By freshman year of college it had gotten so bad that I couldn't eat or sleep and only left my dorm room for class, and I finally decided to get some help (to be honest, a TTL'er actually gave me the suggestion that it would be easier to come out about once I got to school. Huge thanks to that person, and even bigger thanks to the entire TTL community). I went to an Ivy League school where the work was stressful enough to make the depression even worse, and even though it appeared on the outside like I had the perfect life, I could never find a way to make myself happy. By the end of freshman year I had two suicide attempts and almost dropped out of school, all without my parents knowing - and they still don't know about the attempts. I had always been very reluctant to tell my parents since I come from somewhat of a perfectionist household, and one where something like depression is considered to be not a real condition. But I finally did say something about the depression though, and just as you'd imagine my parents were very supportive and helped me get the best treatment we could find. I started lurking on TTL in high school when I began to think I might be depressed and at the start of college posted a few times but not often enough, though the site really helped me in some situations. Anyway, my treatment throughout college was really great and I went through about a year and a half of CBT with a guy who really understood what severe anxiety was like and I couldn't have been happier with the results. Though I still get anxious and often feel depressed, a combination of therapy and simply accepting how I was built made the depression much less difficult to live with. Now that it's all but an afterthought in my life I actually feel like I wouldn't have wished for anything to happen any differently. Depression is a part of my personality and how I live, and it ultimately made me a better person by learning how to deal with it. Medication and therapy were great in terms of helping me to at least function, but the real thing I want to stress that hopefully isn't something you hear from absolutely everyone is that the quicker you learn to accept who you are and not care about pleasing the mass of people around you, the quicker you'll find yourself happy and anxious-free. And as for depression, those thoughts are never going to go away, but coming to terms with the fact that you simply have those thoughts and they're no different than thinking about football is extremely important in making sure they don't consume you. Now my time in college is almost up and I'll be graduating a semester early in December. I have a job lined up at a Wall Street firm and also run my own business on the side that has earned me enough to make sure money isn't an issue in my life. But to be honest, the money doesn't mean anything. You can't put a price on finding happiness, and even if I was a billionaire I wouldn't be able to enjoy it if I hadn't focused on fixing the way I saw the world first. Running my business kept me focused on something I loved doing, and this was another huge key to stopping myself from going down the wrong path. Do something you like doing, and do it intensely. This is a million times more effective in keeping yourself occupied and satisfied than if you did several small activities as part of your routine.I'm probably rambling, but I just wanted to wrap up and say thanks to all you guys here for the community you've created and being such a great support for some of us. This was always a great tool for me since I never had to feel like an outsider or that there was something "wrong" with me when I came here to read other people's stories or share one of my own. The sense of belonging and community I felt on TTL was what I needed to have in the real world, so this is a great place for people to start and eventually be happy with the hand they've been dealt and find ways to live the most satisfying life possible with those circumstances. And one more thing: you'd be surprised how many other people out there are in the same boat... way more people can relate to what you're going through than you think, they just aren't going to voice it. This was something else that gave me a lot of comfort as I got older and started learning about the way the world really works from experience. And if you happen to wind up in some kind of investing or finance career, you'd again be surprised how many of "us" there are lurking around out there. It's not all over-confident hotshot rock stars on Wall Street, surprisingly enough. Hopefully I can clarify some stuff if anyone has any specific questions about what helped me get better, since I'm sure my story here is scattered. I'm also hoping to stick around and be somewhat active on the forum, so I'm looking forward to seeing all I've missed in the past 2-3 years. Cheers!