It Gets BetterI wanted to post this, because it's exactly the kind of thing I needed to hear a few months ago. I hope it helps someone else too. When I look at where I am now and where I was 8 months ago, it's like night and day. Last fall, I had given up. I felt completely trapped by my health issues and my emotions. I thought about suicide constantly, and I had trouble seeing a future in which I was happy and functional. I had almost constant panic-attacks and was unable to sleep more than a couple of hours at a time. For a long time, I felt numb emotionally. I had a hard time feeling any emotion at all. But then, I started feeling and man it was beautiful but terrible at the same time. I cried a LOT. I sobbed so hard I thought I would throw up, which then sent me right into a panic attack because I'm emetophobic.  But now, I am happy. I feel fulfilled. I still have a ways to go and life isn't perfect, but I'm able to see that what I went through was a learning experience and I am stronger now than I ever was before. I've learned so much about myself and what I want and need and love in life, and I have really learned to appreciate the beauty that is around me. 9 months ago I felt completely alone, not a friend in the world. But with a couple of major shifts in perception, I have become more generous and loving and in return, got it right back. I feel completely accepted and loved now, and it's beautiful. Some days I still feel overwhelmed and bitter about my experiences, but those days are fewer and further between. I have many, many more good days than bad days now, and I am awash with the richness that is life!  It took work to get here, I'm not going to lie. I had to find hope within me, and then I had to hold onto it while I faced my problems head-on. I went to therapy and learned coping mechanisms. I did neurofeedback, which has been INCREDIBLY helpful to me. I listened to relaxation hypnosis on youtube every night until I was able to control my anxiety on my own. When things bubbled to the surface, I dealt with them and let them go (which is much easier to say than to actually do, but it is possible.) I found that by helping other people, I helped myself more than I ever could have imagined... one huge step in my recovery was when I stopped talking to my friends about my problems, and instead decided I'd like the distraction of listening to theirs. Suddenly, people wanted to talk to me. I kept my conversation light and understanding and used it as an opportunity to take myself away from my body and my pain and my fear and focus instead on what was happening in John's life, or whomever's. The amazing thing about giving is that the more you give, the more you get. I firmly believe that I cannot give more than I have been getting these days... and it's been an important and worthwhile lesson. I also had an epiphany that I am NOT weak. For so long I felt like I was broken, physically and emotionally. But then, right around Christmas, I realized that was completely wrong. I have had health issues for years and have done some amazing things DESPITE them. I have worked through more pain than most people could imagine, and I can keep doing it for the rest of my life if I have to and still lead a happy, worthwhile, and pleasant life. I am STRONG. And knowing that I am strong gives me the courage to face what I need to face to beat this thing.  Anyways, I hope this helps someone else who is going through what I went through. I don't get on here very often anymore, but feel free to pm me if you would like to talk or have any questions. It IS possible to beat depression and anxiety, and you CAN do it. It takes work and it takes guts, but I bet you are stronger than you believe you are <3