What Are You Proud Of Today?I'm trying (really hard) to be more positive Putting myself down comes so easily that it's often hard to give myself credit for anything. Hence, this thread. Normally, I only point out what I didn't accomplish, didn't finish, didn't remember... but I'm determined to cut down on that habit. It's really hard to stop though...Today I'm proud of the fact that I did a few chores and finished a craft with my daughter.   Yay me!What's something you're proud of for today? Great Book Im ReadingHi all! Hope you're going ok today.I'm really enjoying a book called Journeys with the Black Dog. It has a strong recovery focus which after having depression to various degrees for about 14 years I find much more realistic and encouraging that the 'miracle cure' stories.In case you haven't heard of the recover perspective it is basically about managing your mental health in order to live a meaningful, even if some symptoms remain to some degree or reoccur at times. I used to think this meant giving up on the hope of ever getting better but it's actually a very uplifting and authentic perspective and has lots of real life stories of people at different stages of recovery. I just got it out from the library but I imagine you could order it online if you wanted to. Just wanted to share. :)Ideas For Getting More EnergyHi all :) Well I got a job in social work which I've been out of for a couple of years. It's 3 days a week and I'm excited (I love the industry and will be getting better pay) but also a bit nervous. Particularly about how I'll handle it energy wise. I work 3 days in reception atm and I often come home and sleep for an hour or so before dinner. I'm too wiped out to do anything else! I sleep at least 8 hours a night (although I think quite lightly because I wake easily) I eat pretty well (but could do with more veggies) and I walk or do yoga 3-5 times a week and I meditate.   Is there something I'm missing? I am on meds which probably contributes to the tiredness (prozac, lithium, lamictal) or it could just be the depression. But I'm wondering if you've found anything that helps with tiredness? Particularly in the workplace. I really need to be alert and preferably not a big grump when I get home. :PCan Drinking In Moderation Be Ok?I know they say people with depression shouldn't drink especially not on meds but is that really necessary? What do you think? I only drink 1-2 times a week and only 2 drinks even then. Do you think its detrimental to our mental health considering it is a poison? I enjoy it especially as a social thing or with a meal and definitely don't have a problem with it I'm just wondering if I should actually be cutting it out all together. Just really want to give my poor brain the best fighting chance I can. I'm thinking of cutting caffeine out too but that's a whole other story!What Do You Do When You're Starting To Relapse?Hi guys, I've been going well for the last 3 months but i can feel myself slipping a bit now. Feeling more flat and anxious than usual (or more often) and things are becoming more and more of an effort. Could be due to working more hours than usual. It's not as bad as it has been in the past but bad enough to scare me a little bit. I don't want to end up in hospital again but I have that exhausted feeling that usually builds and leads to an admission eventually. What do you do when you notice your early warning signs popping up?Exercise In The MorningHello. Just wondering when you exercise and how you manage it? I went for a 30 minute walk this morning and I have had so much energy today! I think I will try to do this more often as I really struggle with my energy levels especially after a full day at a work which is when I'd usually try and exercise. I also like the idea of having free time after work to chill or go do other things rather than feeling guilty about not exercising. I have to leave my house for work by 8am most week days. Only thing is I also loooove to sleep so it may be a battle unless I go to bed earlier in order to still get my preferred 9 hours of sleep hehe.My ideas so far are: I will let you know how I do. I'm counting on you for accountability in this experiment. ;)