  I am truely happy nowI haven't been to this forum in over a year and a half. Although I barely posted then I did lurk here a lot. I'm not exactly sure what made me want to sign in here and post this, I guess it's because I realized I actually am fully over my depression  which I didn't used to think was a possibility. I want to tell everyone here there is hope for getting better, even if you can't allow yourself to believe it. The world is full  of infinte beauty . I pray that all of you can get through the cloud of depression to see the world for the amazing  place that it is one day. I want to encourage everyone to hang on through the rough times because it will get better eventually. And once it does you will be very glad you stuck around to experience it.My life  isn't perfect. It's still filled with pain  andsuffering . But the hardships are much more bearable now. I can honestly say I'm happy and no longer have depression. The negative emotions I feel now are never alone, they are always accompanied by some form of love and happiness. The emptiness that you feel is not permanent. You can overcome it. It may seem impossible to do so but trust me it's not, as I have done it.Life is very confusing since we're always clouded by massive amounts of ignorance. Things are never quite the way they seem. Which is why one should try to always focus on the positives. Don't let your actions and thoughts be governed by hate and fear but instead by love. Learning to have love for yourself is probably the most important thing for people with depression, because if you can learn to love yourself than it is much easy to conquer depression. I guess I'll bring my random rambling to an end here. I'm surprised it was this long, I very rarely elaborate my thoughts naturally this much. But I just want everyone reading this to know, even though I probably don't know you and never will, that I love and care  about you. If you were in front of me right now I would give you a hug. I hope for you to find happiness.