Outside HelpI have mentioned this on another post but I didn't really go into any great depth about it so I wanted to create a thread. A few years ago when I lost my job and I was struggling to get up in the morning let alone working I was on the dole (state assistance), I was getting no-where and the people who interviewed me were not much help and were not understanding. I was referenced to someone within the Job Centre System called a DWC (disability work counsellor),I am pretty sure that is what he was called. He was really great and helped me a lot, I would see him on a weekly basis to see how I was doing and he led me onto a group that helped people cope with being unable to find work and how the best way of going about it was. The other step for me was that he got me into a college to study a CISCO course in IT. The college was different though, it was a live in college with little contact with the outside world, from an outsiders perspective it was nothing more than a regular college for people wishing to learn a trade such as IT, landscaping and plumbing etc but from the inside it was good, there were people on site you could be refereed to if needs be such as therapists but more than that everyone was there for the same reason so most people were very supportive. It didn't fix me entirely otherwise I wouldn't be here on this forum but it did give me hope, it got me qualifications I needed and it got me into a position where I did not feel so bad. Leaving was the hardest thing I have ever had to do. I was in this college for 9 months in a small cocoon where I was understood and helped whenever I needed it and to come back into the real world again was very scary, I was on my own and I had to deal with it but it was the best thing I have ever done. I raise this because I wondered if anyone else has done something similar and also that if you are feeling that you need to change there is help out there (at least in the UK) if you ask the right questions and I would urge anyone if you feel you need this to look into this. Kindest regards,solarwinds