Update - Its going well. Sorry for going quiet.Hi,Its ages since I posted on here. Glad to see its still going strong and that people are finding help. A lot has happened to me over the last 6 months so thought I'd give an update.I started a new job in July which has made a world of difference. It took some courage but my previous employer was still making life difficult. Although I was moved temporarily to another department which went well, they refused to make it permanent in spite of a recommendation from my dignity at work complaint that they should. I was told to apply for jobs in open competition on the basis that there was nothing medically wrong with me. So I found another job and constructively dismissed myself. I knew that I would relapse if I stayed where I was. Last week I was at the Employment Tribunal. They argued that I was not disabled for the purpose of the Equality Act because I had recovered within a year. They had their own expert who reviewed my health records and backed them up. But under cross examination he had to concede that I had been ill for over year and would continue to be if I didn't take my tablets or done CBT. So I won the point and its all going ahead for a discrimination claim with constructive dismissal Its hard to re-live what I went through but I'm not letting them get away with it. The expert said that I have an adjustment disorder that makes me respond inappropriately to stressful situations, and that once the stress has gone my recovery should be lasting - until or unless I experience further stress. I thought that was interesting and probably true. My new job is going well and share an office with a lovely bunch of people. I've not mentioned anything about my claim or my depression. I'm still taking Citalopram but might start reducing the dose next week when I go back to my GP for a review. There are still times when I my brain gets a bit foggy and the medication is making me feel emotionally flat. A pet died the other week and I was unable to cry. I felt sad, but couldn't get the emotion out. I can't cry at anything. I'm a bit nervous about coming of the drugs but I want to get my emotions back. I hope everyone else is doing as best they can. Hugs all round to everyone in need. 