Vegetable Soup!Alright, I've been struggling with depression for the most part for three years. But I found something that really helped me today. You know that feeling when you're depressed, your head feels "numb" and sort of heavy and you have absolutely no energy and just want to sleep forever? Well, I had that this morning. It was really, really bad. But some how, I managed to get out of bed and spend most of the day sitting at my computer. Then it happened - I was hungry. So I went to look around to see what food I had. Cup Noodles? Nope, run out. Mi-Goreng Noodles? Out of that too. Pizza? Screw it, too much effort. Then I saw it, a bag of mixed vegetables! All I had to do was chuck them in a pot and boil them. Easy!Now I'm no cook, but I decided to add whatever random crap I could find lying around. Here's my s***ty (But awesome cause I feel great now!) little recipe. - Mixed Vegetable- Vegetable Stock Cube- Soy Sauce- Olive OilThen boil it for a while and mix it all in. I actually noticed myself start to feel significantly (Yes, you read that correctly, significantly) better.This has really helped me. I feel productive now and I'm in a good mood. I'm going to go take a shower like I should and then clean up the house as much as I feel like - Which today, is quite a bit. :)Vegetable Soup FTW! I'm so going to put effort into fixing my diet (again) now. :)Have a good day (or night) everyone! 





Moving ForwardsHey DF,I've been doing a lot better recently. I'm sleeping better than ever, eating *pretty* well, and I'm having a better time of pushing away negative thoughts that I normally ruminate over, and over, and over again. I'm having an easier time pushing away bad feelings then I can remember ever being able to do in years, especially months, prior. My Anhedonia has all but disappeared and I'm once again enjoying things that seemed impossible to enjoy ever again. I've read two books in the last week and I've discovered I really enjoy playing strategy games- it's nice to have something fun to pass the time instead of the same old routine I've been following for long stretches at a time.I'm still unemployed. I'm still broke and in debt. I'm still often struggling with the depressed presence in my mind - but I feel like I've gained the upper hand in this never ending battle, and now that the depression has slipped up and lost its place of dominion I have a strong advantage over it.I'm going back to community college (again) to work on my studies. I've crashed and burned about five times now, but maybe this time I'll do just that little bit better - hopefully a lot better. I know better than to think "I'm finally cured" especially when I can still feel "depression" even now, but I do feel better. And well, I just wanted to report that on here. I have too many downbeat and downright insane posts on this website, it's about time I tilt the balance.Life isn't perfect, but I wouldn't willingly trade it for the opposite number any time soon. ^_^ 