It can be frustrating....But... This is hopefully going to be motivational to some.Do you ever feel there is no light at the end of the tunnel? Share the problem with someone - they say its a cliche, but its a useful saying too - a problem shared is a problem halved.Do you ever feel that no-one wants to listen? If need be, PM me, but I will look to ask what the situation is like. Above all, you'll need to be completely honest. Not necessarily to me, but to yourself.Many of you have situations that can be resolved if handled sensibly. Logically, certain things will take a lot longer than others to recover from, as will those who've experienced more. It will take time, patience, and constant string of positive options. If needed, I can help - but the overall thing is, you will need to help yourselves. Yes it's not designed to be easy, but life isn't easy, or fair, for the majority of people - even those without any ideations. Also bear in mind, that its not always others that are useless, therapists aren't allowed to - in the uk - suggest what to do. Peer to peer support, and networking with people on here, can come up with these suggestions. I'm currently assisting one myself, while i'm on the road to recovery - I can't bear too much of a load myself, but I can come up with ideas on how to tackle a problem. I'm not the best, I don't claim to be so, but analysing the situation, and seeing what can be changed, and finding self-discipline, self-control, and having a grip on your own life, could be the start of a road to recovery. If you're with a partner who is 2 faced - one person when with others, and a different one behind closed doors, see what time away from them is like (as an example)These things can work. They may take a lot of effort, but the end rewards are a healthier base/happier, more relaxed/comfortable person. We are all human, we all have flaws, and we are all going to make mistakes. There aren't many that wouldn't deserve the right to be treated as a person, even a one time criminal who got labelled for one thing and gets judged as such even when they've turned their lives around, would be entitled to a second chance - but when the going gets tough, don't give in. Give in and the situations won't change. Its a mental toughness, rather like that which personal trainers use in gyms. Your mind wants your body to stop, but its pushing through that barrier because there is often more that can be done. One final thought to leave you with. A little quote that is a very useful one when seeking support. Those that mind don't matter, and those that matter don't mind.