Second PostI have posted once before, the shorthand version on how I dealt with my depression.I have often found that writing or in this case typing is a good way to process my thoughts and feelings. Funnily enough I used to do a lot of it but now I don't. Back then what I wrote was destructive, hurtful, not to anyone apart from myself. A way to verbalise my feelings about my own self worth so that they just weren't thoughts swimming around in my head.It is coming up on 12 months since I attempted to take my own life. I have for the past month thought about it a lot and it has made me feel a large number of emotions both good and bad. I have unlike the past reached out to my girlfriend, family and psychologist to let them know that I had been thinking about what happened and in the grand scheme of things it has been very difficult. I have been moody on occasions and have been once again that feeling of overwhelming tiredness.I am not quite sure how I will go coming closer to the date. Although I have come an extremely long way since March 18th 2013, it is a scar that I feel everynow and then when my mind wanders.I read an article this week written by Alan Stokes on depression, Ian Thorpe, Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Matthew Reilly who appeared on Australian Story. After reading it I cried, felt an overwhelming sense of sadness because those are feelings that we all know and fears that we face as we battle this illness.There are a number of things that help me each day. The knowledge that despite what my fears were, the people who love me will not run when I am sad. It is ok to have bad days and it is ok to tell people your having a **** day. Today is one of those days, pretty ****, pretty flat and I am slowly counting down the hours until it comes to an end.But I will go home to my girlfriend and step son and know that everything will be ok, that I can say it was a crap day and will receive a hug a kiss that will help.So if you are feeling crappy today, pick up the phone, call someone from your family, call a friend and it could just turn your whole day around.