What's the best thing you've ever done/been part of?I'm not sure if there's a thread out there already with this - but in amongst the doom and gloom of many threads on here, there's bound to be a number of experiences of the good stuff that we haven't always shared because the majority rant about life. And while the good may seem few and far between to a number of us - I would like to see a few more "uplifting" sides (if possible) and see if there's anything that can be taken as a motivation towards turning the corner against the tidal waves of depression.So I'm gonna start this thread, and I am also going to say more than one in answer to the question above.1. I have become a parent. While I may not be involved in my son's life due to the fact there are other people involved as to why, there is for me, no better feeling than knowing that there is someone out there who is my flesh and blood. It might not be ideal for others to read as they may not be able to have kids, or have lost kids, but it's my single-handedly most favoured experience. (Albeit a close call that I wasn't at the birth and that was frustrating).2. I have talked someone out of suicide - and a 200 mile move to a town where their previous bf lived (after their r/ship broke down and he gave her 1 working day to find somewhere else to live). This was a good experience as this person eased up on self-harming, and ideations, and 6 years later (NYE 2013) - got married, has 2 kids with another on the way (with a history of miscarriages), and I had the proud moment of being the one to adapt into the "paternal" role of walking her down the aisle to give her away. 3. So far, another talk out of suicide - as far as I know, hasn't gone badly - although the other person and I do not chat right now (yes, you are a member here and could read this thread) - They were fairly close to the end when I started talking to them, and now, 2.5 years on, while they may not be in the best of places, but they have continued to survive through all near misses or other frustrating situations (including me being a little bit of an arse). If they do read this - then I am still available to chat to - however strained the next few conversations may be. Could we adapt back to a level of friendship? It's not impossible - the person in statement 2 did after 7 months of nothing.