  A Work In ProgressOk I'm taking a big risk here. I only been here for a few days, and I read only a few stories, but I came here for a reason and I feel I want to make my contribution to this forum. I am not a perfect person. I am arrogant and vain. But I have fought the good fight, I still have to fight the good fight everyday. I wanna share what little I have learnt with my fellow sufferers. It will not be for everyone. I am hoping I will be challenged, shot down in flames. I am hoping to gain more humility by opening my big goddam mouth., Cos I am a pain in the arse of a person. But I survived. I am 45 years old and I have been through the wringer, I really have. I have fought off my own personal apocalypse and I have to keep going through the wasteland that's left. I have also been shown incredible mercy in my life. Maybe that's God. Maybe it's the persistence of the Force of Life itself. You will at times despise me for the mercies i have been shown. But that doesn't mean I havn't been through hell. Cos I really have.i want to share my thoughts and experience here. I am afraid. I am afraid of being shown that I am wrong. That even with my fight, that was a mighty fight, I am still to be found wanting and unworthy of giving anything even approaching guidance to another. But that is why i am here. I hope you will enjoy my attempts to share my so called "wisdom" or benefit of expereince. I look forward to being put in my place. But we are all here for our own reasons. My my own reasons are legitimate too. Right?Lets see what happens.Oh one last thing. I have been brutally honest. But please don't misread me. I have no intention of belittling anyone's experience here. If there's one thing I know about this fight, and about every single person who comes here, it is that it can be overwhelming., In the truest sense of the word. You could have just come back from a 12 hour shift at work and break down in tears because you can't find your keys and you need to go to the shops. And it's the keys your crying about.. And you hate yourself for it. But you shouldn't. Cos sometimes not been able to find your keys is overwhelming. And the pain and the anguish you feel is manifesting in the inability to locate your fucking keys.Peace.K.