Animals, Animals And More Animals!I am going to make a suggestion for many people suffering from mental type disorders, whether you are high functioning and hold a job  which supports you, or if you are really just flaying around at rock bottom in a strait jacket of your own symptoms ; ANIMALS! Local shelters are desperate for volunteers, DESPERATE!  If you do not have a car, go by bus to one, ride a bike, get there and sign up.  Ask the shelter if they could hook you up with a ride from another person who goes to help.  There is a crisis in the abandoned dog and cat world, a plethora of throw away animals.  Please find a way to get involved.  The abuse is also an all record high.  There are groups of people who involve themselves with not just the re-homing of pets but the political side of getting stronger laws in place to protect the animals more. You can foster a pet, which means you would find a rescue group who needs a temporary home for a pet they pull from a shelter.  This will not be a forever pet.  The rescue picks up the vet bills, if you are really down and out financially you can ask they pick up the cost of food as well.  This arrangement would be good for people who are at home on disability.  A home check is done, to see you have adequate arrangements to temporality house a pet. One warning, a lot of rescues do not get back to you.  So if this happens, it is not personal, just move on to the next one. Local shelters are listed in your area, the Private rescue groups are harder to find.  Many States have a “death row “ group who can be found on face book.  On these sites you will see many, many rescues who work trying to re-home dogs/cats who will be euthanized the next day or so. Look up the Rescue groups you see there . For example in NY there is Urgent Part Two death row dogs on face book, The point of my bringing this to everyone’s attention is to help you to force yourself to reach out and try to become involved with another living being who needs your help!  The act of kindness will help heal you.  Animals are non-judgmental.    Please consider these options as part of your recovery.  Just do not become an abuser or hoarder!   If you find yourself going in that direction, then back up!  Get more help.  But all in all, the love and appreciation you will receive by helping the innocents will also help you in overcoming some of your own difficulties.  Becoming part of the “cure” for the abandoned pets in this world is a very rewarding and confidence building relationship for people who are lonely, lost or in transition.  It is sometimes important for people who suffer from mental ills to find ways to contribute to a higher cause, and get past your own suffering for just those short few hours and become “present” for  others in need.  Think about it!!!






Constructive Livng TherapyOne of the best books I have ever found is one by "David Reynolds", called "Constructive Living". Descriptions of this book can be found all over te web, and "You Tube"  has reviews of it.  The book is 120 pages, and applies to most mental health issues.  It will cost you nothing to look this up on the internet and You Tube.  This program has been around a long time. The other good program is called "D.B.T." it's creator is Marsha Lindham, from what I understand,  came out of the closet about  1 1/2 years ago as a sufferer of B.P.D., so she invented a program that deals with personality disorders and the other symptoms which accompany them.I have noticed  many people here say they are in financial hardship and cannot afford therapy.  The CONSTRUCTIVE LIVING program can be begun on your own by understanding the concepts, by reading this short book.  Sometimes self help is a very good beginning; at least I see it this way.  My own disorder cannot be fixed with medication, BPD.  So it is an endless process of consciousness raising and self evaluation and self discipline.