  setting goals...(if i can beat my severe procrastination)Well, i am nearly finished with my master, it has been 2 loooong and depressive years. i nearly drop out and even my bf had to step in and write part of a chapter to get me going. i don't feel proud of it but his trick worked and it started me writing again and correcting all his mistakes!Now that i am done, i want to set up some goals. I always felt that having some goals to work on life helped me to get going and forget about my issues... The problem is that i always procrastinate and i never get anything done, or i do it badly at the last minute. I am reading a book "The now method" which i find very useful and revealing (it's great to know where it comes from and how to identify the patterns to get rid of it).Voila, my new life's resolutions:1. Start exercising. I am a small woman, i have always felt weak and several people have taken advantage of me. Feeling fit and strong in a way, makes me feel more self-confident. 2. Giving up smoking (weed and tobacco). Its no good. Especially if you love your couch and sleeping away all day. I am feeling tired and no wonder, this shit is messing up my brain, because once i start i can't control myself. Not to talk about the awful smell on my house and my rotten lungs...3. Do not worry about not finding a job. Keep applying for jobs, but don't let it take over my life. I am still a good, intelligent person and have more things in my life to define me than a job: great friends, great partner, my dancing...4. Start dancing everyday. If i like dancing and i am "good" at it (i don't think so, but looking at my level and the little i practice i have to recognize that at least, I am a natural dancer), why shouldn't I? Keep teaching in my hometown, show other women that no matter your size, age or condition  you can love your body and feel the connection i feel every time i dance. How can some people be so disconnected with their bodies? They will be with us our whole life (you like it or not) so learn to love it and use it!5. Fight, fight and fight. I know today i am in a good mood, but tomorrow i may be down in the dumps. its me. Anyway looking at history, the most intelligent and artistic people have loads of issues. Is the price to pay to be special? To get started every morning is a big problem to me...6. Attending CBT. I am starting in July. I was attending before but i didn't really do the exercises. It was too draining and i saw it as useless. Now i don't have the excuse of time. What else? i'll keep posting about it. i hope this "positivity" lasts. Any advice to keep your mood up or to get your bum out of the bed when you feel the temptation of sleeping all day?