  To hell and back... there is hopeHello every one, I was feeling a little friday nightdepression so i did a little google search and i ended up here. I felt an interesting compassion for alot of people on this forum as i was sufferring from anxeity and depression for many years so i just wanted to share my story and hope this can actually help  or inspire some one some where. since i was about 21 yrs old i started anti depressants , I was taking them for 3-4 years, my mother also had depression so i just assumed thats just the way i am,depressed . i also had some trouble with various drug addictions , over the years and after many psychotry visits, i was diagnosed with various deferent names, bipolar , depressed, they even thought they found some thing weird in my brain and thought its some tomar orcancer . any way , one last doctor  i visited , he had a look at all my files and after intensive interview and question / answers he told me. "there is nothing wrong with you, you simply want to have XzYZ in your life, you want to have this car , you want to havea girl friend, you expect your self to have such a lifestyle and you dont, and this is why you are depressed, once you get out and get these thigns you wont be depressed any more. I can write you some more prescriptions but this wont solve your problem" I hateed that guy, i was so angry at him, i was hopiing he would give me some "magic pill" to fix me, or tell me whats wrong with me. Any way out of not having a choice, i ended up hitting rock bottom, i got fired from my last job, i lost all my friends, almost bankrobed and attempted sueside few times takeing bunch of medicine, ect but i realized its really not that easy to die nor did i have the courage to do some serious damage. After things could not get any worst, i started back up with a regular low level job at some local hardware store, then slowly things improved. I moved to a new city, was offered a new job, i stoped going out and doing drugs on weekends, i stoped taking all my anti depression pills, i quit drinking as much and started to run and workout very regularly. this is when i was 25 and for the first time i was living on my own, i found a girl friend, which we broke up after a year, but she really helped me in may ways. Any way fast forwarding to 4 yrs later, ( now) I have my own fitness  company, that inspires and motivates others to improve their life, people look up to me as an inspiration, my work now is creating videos and content to inspire people to get in shape , and i recently took 1st place at a provincial contest in fitness modeling. last year i have made more money than iv ever made in my entire life and now my life is about service, connection to god and helping people as much as i can. any way i know this is totallly random and dont know how much any of you can even relate to me, but i just wwanted to share that 5 yrs ago i thought there is no hope, i really thought my life has gone to waste and waned nothing but to die, now i actually have a higher purpose to live, which is to serve others, and to transcende my current limitations of my consciouness so i can evolve to higher realms of being. If you are depressed, feel anxety, lonely, know that this soul sitting here, loves you, i dont know you , nor may ever talk to you, but we are from the same source , the source of that which is pure love. I truley belive now love heals all sicknes and pain, every time i see a dog now i stop and pet him and love him, its healing. the bottom line for this post is to say that, no matter what the doctors may say you have, or how you may be doomed to be depressed for the rest of your life, by aligning your spiritual will to the will of higher power you have a very good chance of overcoming this depression and finding a new life, like i did. I still feel depressed  and down at times, like tonight :) but its 1000000 times better than few years ago and now im slightly more open hearted, humble and loving towards others, because i have introduced to pain. love and gratitude.