  First Happy Start of a Year in 13 years!First of all, Happy New Year Everyone! I know it's a bit late, but I felt like wishing you all a happy new year anyway!And now for my story. It's quite a long one since I've been depressed for 12 long years, but I feel that writing it down, at least a summarized version of it, will help me let the past go and move on completely. I might write the entire story down once, but I want to make sure I've moved past the minor setbacks I currently experience first.I know it may be painful to read, but know that I am now writing this story so it has to have a happy ending. I am still alive. I got through and so will you!With many thanks to my friends in- and outside of this forum.I will now tell my story:I was six years old when everything went completely wrong. I had been bullied and teased before, but I had never been bothered by it so much. People would complain about the white stripes in my hair, my pale skin and especially about how smart I was for my age. I couldn't make any friends because they were scared of me. I've been pushed around and hurt, but I was still smiling all the way through. When I was six years old though, I met a boy who helped me up when I got bullied again. He told me he wanted my help with something in return for him helping, protecting me. This only seemed fair to me so I helped him. It turned out he wanted me to talk someone into making them feel so insecure about themselves that they'd drop out from a competition he and this boy, my protector, were in. I did as asked and only realized the consequences of my actions afterwards. I was told he simply had to drop out of the competition, but it turned out that this kid was already insecure and he tried (and I believe he succeeded in the end) to kill himself. I confronted 'my protector' with this information and he beat me up with a couple of his friends. He told me that he had used me and that it was my own fault for being such an idiot. Then he left as he told me that nobody would love a monster like me and that I would only hurt others with my presence.This is where I completely shut down. I was no longer confident and I always blamed myself for the (possible) suicide that happened. I refused to talk and I couldn't allow myself to be happy, because I believed I really was a monster and nobody, including myself, should love me.At home the situation turned bad, my mother was always yelling at everyone, she was stressed out because my father has a "harmless tumor" and uses this an excuse for doing nothing at all and this gradually made me feel even worse. I felt like I deserved the bad circumstances in my family. At school people kept calling me monster and vampire, because of my pale skin. I had dyed my hair brown to get rid of the comments about my hair, but it didn't help at all. On one occassion my head was slammed into a stone wall and my teeth were ruined. The two front teeth had lost some bits and they had to be fixed, leaving me front teeth with two weird pale marks were the filling was put in and eventually I had to get braces to put my teeth straight again.At this age I wanted to kill myself, but because I met a young boy (I shall call him Jack for now) who seemed to need a friend, I decided to stick around. Instead I resorted to self harm. I was too scared to do much damage but I still have 2 scars as result of self harm. One just above my heart and one on my right wrist. The last thing that happened in this period of importance that some people called me fat, in response I stopped eating properly and this had let to (a mild version of) anorexia. --This went on until the age of 10.Jack had found some new friends and he had moved to a different school. I still got bullied and most importantly, I couldn't focus on my work and I refused to look smart which has resulted in people calling me dumb. Thinking that it would never be okay, I attempted my first suicide. At this time, I probably hallucinated a man that told me "You know, I don't know your situation but if you do this I'm sure you will be missed greatly, by friends and family and believe me somewhere, someone on this planet will be hollow forever and they will never understand why". These words have given me strength and hope and every time after this that I attempted suicide, I thought back to these words and I forced myself on.--At the age of 12 I went to highschool and I thought I could make a new beginning. Sadly, I made friends with the wrong people and I made the mistake of being smart again. People started avoiding me and talking about me and I turned extremely paranoid. In the meanwhile I suffer from nightmares daily and several family members have died. The teachers were the only people that appreciated me and I passed first and second year with ease, even though the bullying got me down very much.-- At the age of 14 a friend and I create a website for a story of mine to which she would make the drawings for a manga edition (she's a very good artist so I shall call her the artist for now). Long story short, I met a boy on there who turned out not to be real, but the artist incognito, trying to find out why I was so distant to everyone and paranoid. My trust had be harmed badly and I couldn't trust anyone for years after that. I fell in a very deep depression and I kept talking myself down. I hated everyone, I hated my life and I hated myself. Due to this I barely passed my third year.--I'm 15 now, the teachers turn against me too. They say I don't work hard and that I'm dumb and that I shouldn't be on this school. The artist, who is no longer a friend of mine (meaning that I am alone at that point with no friends), says I'm exaggerating and just trying to get attention. Worst part of that year is that on a trip to Rome, Italy, I realize that I am actually gay. During the Christmas holidays my aunt dies of a heart attack and I'm again lost completely in sorrow.I am unable to focus on my work or anything for that matter and life goes by like one big blur. I attempt several suicides and only barely get myself to go on. I fail to pass my fourth year on high school and have to resit that year.-- At the age of 16 things slowly start to get better. The new class is a lot nicer and I make a couple of friends, even though I am still depressed, paranoid etc. The artist is making my life difficult by stealing some of my friends, but I meet a girl on a trip to Paris, France, who later becomes my first girlfriend. This gives me the boost I need to stop self harming and start rebuilding myself. My first girlfriend however is religious and her parents are very strict. Her parents dissapproved strongly of our relationship and they ruined our relationship, effectively throwing me back into my depression. Thanks to one very dear friend, I managed to pull through that loss and move on.--17 now and the teachers are making my life very difficult. During the summer holidays I got 2 new (online) girlfriends and my current girlfriend is barely online. I am worried and depressed over this. I'm very unconfident and only now the school realizes the severity of my fear of failure. They blame it on my stupidity and want to kick me from the school. My mother yells at me that I do not work hard enough and says that perhaps it's good that I go to a lower lever of education. I insist on staying and just before the end of the year, it turns out I have dyslexia. This gives me a slight boost of confidence, realizing that this is why I misread a lot of things and write things down differently than I think I do, In the last week I manage to pull my grades up so far that I pass my fifth year barely.-- 18 and in my exam year. At the start of the year I get a new girlfriend(I'll call her Mary for now) and I break up with the girlfriend that never shows up. Later on, it turns out this girl had never been honest with me in the first place, but I take it a lot better than before because Mary is so supportive of me. It's the first time since ever the third year that I can trust someone again and I tell Mary my story 'till so far. She comforts me and helps me through the rough times ahead. In return I help her with her diet and other insecurities and when she needs to go to the hospital because of a knee injury, I'm with her non-stop. My nightmares end here after all the support and help from Mary and for once I feel happy in a way. I slowly start to appreciate myself more and am glad that I am alive. -- Then, just before my finals, Jack's little sister, who had grown to feel much like my own little sister, dies in a car accident at the age of 13. I am devastated, but I pull through my exams for her. The loss of Jack's little sister however gets me down so far that I distance myself again and this leads to Mary breaking up with me. In absolute desperation I try to commit suicide twice and eventually I resort to finding help here on this forum. On this forum I realized that the first step to overcomming depression is admitting, realizing and understanding you need help and open up to this help. This allowed me to make a new friend(I'll call him Oz, after his favourite artist) and together with his help, and the many hugs and supportive advice on this forum, I managed to finally pull through my depression. Looking back at my life, I feel proud I overcame all this and I am in a weird way glad that it happened, because all of this made me who I am now and I wouldn't want to be anyone else. Though I still experience minor setbacks and have to deal with the issues that come with love and the after effects of anorexia, I can say I am happy to be here and I hope I can help everyone around here. We all deserve to be happy and proud of ourselves! If I can do it, so can you. I have faith in all of you.All best~Amy.




  It really does help :)So I know I haven't been around her a lot lately, that's because I've been very busy trying to sort things out.I've beenworking on this for a year at least, perhaps longer. I've been sent from the general practicioner, to the therapist, to a professional psychologist, to a psychiatrist and only when I spoke to the psychiatrist things began to work  out. Turns out I suffered from hallucinations and misperceptions. After discussing the pros and cons, we eventually decided that it was for the best  to get medicine. I'm not on a low dosis of Olanzapine since a bit longer than a week ago and nearly everything is better.At first, I was dealing with headaches and mocking voices that said the medicine didn't work, but that gradualy changed. The voices slowly disappeared and the headaches seized. There are still some moments of stress in my life  and I think people may be following me, but it's not interfering with my life anymore. No voices telling me how disgusting I am. There's just me and my life at last :)I thought I'd share  this because I know some people don't want to get out and go to seek help. They think it's not worth it... well I thought the same! Even had the voices telling me I wasn't worth anyone's time, but it gets so much better! It really helps! It may take some time, but you gotta sit through that and go for it. You're all worth the time and effort and things will get better :)