Hook-up with the one you cherishSometimes I forget that there are simple things in life that can help, particularly when in the depths of depression. Over the past few days, I realise now, I did occasionally walk past one of the three cats in my house. I’d occasionally give them a stroke under the chin to which they lean forward begging for more. In those moments I was able to forget about myself and my troubled existence and focus myself upon them. They do not demand attention, unless it’s feeding time, but they give back some warmth whenever you extend some gesture towards them.Whilst everybody has at some time or another heard that animals are good for your emotional well-being, I certainly tend to forget from time to time. And it’s not just cats that can help you, but any animal of your choice. I’m not suggesting that animals can soothe all your worries away, and I’m also not suggesting that all animals have this effect on us. Cats and dogs are the ones that spring to mind, but I know quite a few people who find great affinity with their horses, and even tropical fish. I had a tropical fish tank up to last year when I had to dismantle it, but I fully intend to restore my tank to full operation as soon as possible. I know that I built up a sort of caring relationship with the fish. They each had characters which intrigued me, and some were even playfully amusing.As the great philosopher Anatole France once said: ‘Until one has loved an animal a part of one's soul remains unawakened’. How very true I find this. Animals can touch a part of the soul like perhaps humans cannot. Sometimes I meet people who say that they just do not like animals. Whilst I do not dismiss them necessarily as a ‘bad person’, I do wonder what it is about them which makes them so. Is it because they have never been touched by an animal, or is it that secretly they’re scared of them? In any case, I feel sad that they cannot enjoy something which connects us different species. It transcends language and social structure. When you hook-up with a pet you cherish, they know it, and deep down – you know it, too.