What Has Helped MeI am currently in another episode of depression, so perhaps my views on this area are a bit distorted at the moment, but I still believe I have a few ideas that can help people.I found myself flourishing in my college years and, after connecting the dots to the difference between how I lived then- when I was well- versus how I live now- extremely depressed, I have made some useful discoveries. 1. Using talents/strengths. When I was in school, my depressive "madness" was useful: I was more creative than most of my peers, which enabled me to excel in activities I would do as well as some of my classes such as philosophy and literature. Also, kudos to us- most of the time, no offense to anyone else, but mentally ill or depressed people are usually pretty dang on smart. Sometimes that is WHY we get depressed- we see the world differently and we are able to think much deeper than many of our healthy or "normal" peers. In college, there were plenty of places where I put my brains to use- in the classroom, during speeches, gaining recognition in clubs/honor societies, and even during intellectual debates with my friends. Overall, I think it is helpful for depressed people to overcome some of the obstacles by using their strengths to promote good in the world. It will make you feel useful and productive, therefore giving you more reasons to feel worthy. 2. Social support. And this could mean friends, co-workers, definitely the people on this forum, family, or people from other groups that you have some connection to. I honestly don't believe that people can get through such horrific emotions without the support of others, but that's just my opinion. In college, I was part of a large community- there was always someone to talk to, whether it was my roommate, my friend down the hall, a professor taking a walk outside of my building, people in the cafeteria or peers at social events. I lived at my school so it was like a big bubble for me where I felt happy, safe and secure- not to mention well-liked. I have had a hard time adjusting to post-college life for some of these reasons. But even for those of us that don't have the benefit of an immediate social support system, I think it's crucial to acknowledge that people are an asset to our depression. There have been countless of studies researching the affects of animals when they have vs when they haven't got social support and the ones who did thrived while the others grew up to be very unhealthy. We need human connection- but this is also the very hardest thing for depressed people to do because we don't want to see anyone and we don't have the energy to barely leave the house! It's kind of a cruel catch-22- the thing that helps the most is the very thing that is the hardest to do but it is nevertheless important that we seek the companionship of others- not only does it temporarily distract us but usually when we are in social situations we tend to laugh- especially with friends- even if we don't think it's funny or feel like laughing. Psychological testing has shown that our facial expressions actually can influence our moods- in other words, if we are smiling we may feel better. Of course this doesn't always work, especially when you have depression, but over time it may have some benefits. And, of course, there are people out there who care about us and want to help, even if they might not understand what we're going through, and they may provide us with some solutions to things we might not have thought of by ourselves. 3. Being engaged with something. Of course in college, there was always something to do- some club meeting I had to attend, some banquet to go to, some fun social event to party at. I was always productive. I think productivity is important when battling depression. Not only does it give us this sense of empowerment because we are manipulating our environments in some way, but it keeps us occupied which can be powerful at warding off the negative thoughts that keep us ruminating about our circumstances. I would urge everyone reading this to get involved with something they are passionate about. AGAIN, like the social support, this is also extremely difficult to accomplish because the last thing most of us want to do is get up out of the house and get moving. But I have found this extremely helpful at keeping healthy when I was well. 4. Diet. Studies have shown that it's true, we really are what we eat. Food influences mood so if you're eating crap, you're most likely going to feel like crap. Try and get some fruits and veggies on your plates and, after a while, you may notice a subtle change in the way you're feeling. 5. Cuddling. Now I know this is harder to do if you're like me and you're single, but I had to throw this out there. I just got out of a 5 year relationship but let me promise that one long hug from my (now) ex partner was enough to turn a horrible mood into a better one. I know how cliché and stupid it sounds, but it works. Even studies have shown that cuddling someone we love does wonders for our mood. It sure helped me stay on track for all of those years which is why I think my current depression has a lot to do with learning how to live without those awesome warm hugs/cuddles. Physiologically I am no longer used to it and my body/brain are going through withdrawal. So I encourage you guys to do some long cuddling, with either your partner or even a friend! It works, I am telling you it works- granted, as long as you feel safe and love the person you are doing ti with. 6. Creative Outlet. This is the only thing currently keeping me alive, quite honestly. I love to write so I write a lot of morbid poetry/short stories. I think sometimes we all need to let our emotions out through being creative and I have found this to be very helpful as it lets me spill my emotions out instead of bottling them all up inside. I hope this helps someone! Keep going guys and hang in there- these feelings will pass even though it doesn't seem like it now. And I know, I know how hard this is and I admire you all for breathing. I know that every breath is difficult right now and I understand that it seems like we will never get out of this or feel any better- I know all too well! But if we keep pushing and climbing, we will make it to the top of that mountain and I guarantee that the view will be beautiful :)