 Overcoming Social Anxiety and Developing Self-LoveIn this western world we live in there comes a lot of social pressures. What you should wear, how you should act, what job you should have, what you should study, where you should be life, and even views that you should have. All of these SHOULDS have a massive impact on us, so much so that they can take us away from who we really are in essence and create a whole lot of anxiety along the way. Have the courage to take yourself away from the SHOULDS and do what you WANT to do, be who you WANT to be, in fact more to the point be WHO YOU ARE.We have fears which drive our beliefs and affect our behaviours. There are 3 UNIVERSAL FEARS.FEAR OF NOT BEING GOOD ENOUGH/BEING FOUND OUTFEAR OF NOT BELONGINGFEAR OF NOT BEING LOVED The fear that comes with being WHO YOU ARE goes something like; "If I were to simply be myself, would I beloved, would I belong, would I be accepted?I can tell you that the answer is YES! When we meet someone who is living authentically and being true to themselves we find that we are drawn to these people because they give off such an energy of certainty if self and confidence. They don't turn it up for anyone or turn it down for anyone, they simply be who they are and are loved for that. One of the main reasons why we are drawn to such people is because it takes courage to put yourself out there and be who you are. I can tell you that once you experience embracing the vulnerability of being who you are you will have significant changes in your life.Some steps to take in moving forward.Ask yourself some great questions like:Who is it that I THINK I NEED to be in this world to be loved, belong and accepted?When I get anxious what is it that I'm actually worried about? (Get specific)Who do I want to be in this world? Who am I?What qualities do I love about others? (you will find you posses some of these qualities yourself)When asking these questions it is important to be 100% honest with yourself, even if you don't like the answer. Don't answer how you'd like it to sound, how you think it should sound, or how you want it to be.. answer it HOW IT IS!Develop Self-Love - look at all the positive qualities about yourself and really love them. Show yourself some compassion and give yourself a break. We are all perfectly imperfect in this world.Develop Self-Trust - Trust who you are and know that you will live true to yourselfI have so much more so share guys so please ask questions