  **Please read this if you are suffering from depression xToday I realised. Life is a beautiful thing. I have sat on my backside for months feeling sorry for myself convinced im the only one suffering when there are people all over the world feeling like I am. I have been waiting these last few months for someone to pop up and tell me the answer to all my problems, waiting for a shrink to tell me everything I know. I realised, there is not a single person in this world that can tell me something about myself I don’t know already. Im my own shrink I just don’t fully believe in myself to accept that what I know about who I am is the truth and nothing but.Every negative thing ive ever been through in my life I have replayed in my head over and over, every night im alone I sit and think about everything and maybe without realising have often fuelled this sadness I have felt for so long. I need to accept that what I have been through is over with nothing I ever do or say will change the past no matter how long I live regretting or how long I live reflecting what happened is what happened and I can either accept it, embrace the positive things that came from it and move on or I can dwell on it, feel sorry for myself that I went through it and never be able to feel true happiness again because of it, which will be nobodys fault but my own. I have now learnt how and what it is to be happy, I have been my own worst enemy for so long and I wont do it to myself anymore. Nobody can bring me out of this hole but myself, it will be hard and it wont happen over night but one day I will look back on the sadness I have felt for so long and thank myself for shaking myself out of it. I hope this brings someone, anyone to the same realisation because life really is a beautiful thing when you allow it to be and its far to short to be feeling sorry for yourself.For 3 years I have tormented myself with this depression, convinced things will never get better, playing the victim and not even realising that I was pulling myself further and further down in to a sad and sorry state. Only is it today I woke up feeling alive, because after quizzing myself for years as to how to get out of this mindset, I realised it was staring me in the face for years, I just refused to let myself see it.For all those that think "you dont understand your not me and you dont have my problems.I was pregnant 3 months ago, the baby father left me for my best friend and i was clinically depressed, i lost my grandad the same week and i was in terrible debt, i had an abortion alone and suffered bad physical side affects because of it, all my friends had left for uni and my parents were ashamed of me...i tried to commit suicide 2 days after my abortion, my mum fount me and i was rushed to hospital in an ambulance, i now suffer from serious health problems because of this and i cant begin to tell you how much i regret it. However, i reached my lowest point which i think was the start to building my life back up again. If i can do it, so can you.