  i want to get to know myself.i want tofeel better , that is my goal.the abuses i've been through i think halted my growth , and i was not able to go through the normal stages of emotional development until now. because now i finally have a good therapist, a therapist that is knowledgeable about his craft. with him and me on the trail, i think i can get to where i want to be, and that is feeling good and content and calm.i need to take better care of myself. of my physical body. i want to take care of it better. that means sleeping and eating nutritious foods . that means resting and having the proper clothing for the seasons. i can't turn off myawareness  and deny myself food when i am not well emotionally; i want to stop punishing myself for imaginary faults and listen closely to my body's needs. my body tells me, it lets me know, but years of abuse have taught me to automatically shut down my internal ears and not listen to this body. i want to journal. spend time on me trying to learn how to relax. i think i broadcast my every thought and i don't want to do that anymore. not because i am ashamed or bad for talking too much, but because i am entering a new stage in my personhood, a stage where i don't need to let everyone know what i am thinking. i think i was doing that because i felt very alone and i needed to have people around me, to feel like i wasn't alone. intherapy , i am working very hard and i think i have enough information about Hootspa where i don't need to doubt her like i was doubting. and so i don't need to tell my every thought or my every desire. i am going to try this out, try writing just for me and see how it works out.as an adult, there are plenty of things for me to do, to focus on getting to know Hootspa. and so i don't think i'll be bored with myself. i would worry that if i went and focused on me, that i would be isolating myself and it would be unhealthy. but now i think some time to discover me is not bad and i want to do things that i think would be fun. things like reading. i used to love to read. to be transported into another world, stuff like science fiction and dragons , i used to love. and reading how other people overcame adversity, memoirs, i used to enjoy. i want to go back  to reading.and watching movies. the library has tons of dvds, free movies. i could spend hours alone, just me and the movie, and enjoy myself.i think i tend to overthink things.people are not as complicated as i make them out to be.and, they are pretty forgiving; it's me who is a hardass on myself.i want to sort of kick back and relax. i am at that stage in my therapy.to enjoy my life  and then as i am going along, i am sure i will bump into others who can be my friend. i think i am my own worst enemy and i want to get to know who i am and what i enjoy. that is my new mission. the support i have been given by the people in this forum have helped me to see that i am not a bad person and that i do deserve to take time out to get to know myself.