Freaks on FridayLOVE, a fine word don't you think?I think I'm beggining to see what Lennon meant when sang all those songs about the power of love.Yesterday I had to go to a rehearsal at some friend's house, so I got into an almost broken down vehicle that acts as public transport. On the way we got into a jam, so I thought "Jolly, another car crash!" but that was quickly interrupted by gunshots and police officers rushing to the park where the shots were made... not a good way to start the day.So after a detour I arrived at the place I was supposed to be (safe and early!), we did a good reading, I proposed some stuff for my character and the play that were well recieven and then I left that place. But I have to go back to the house again since there was still a gunfight in the park between the police and the guajiros (it seems that the police shot two guajiros because they were smuggling gasoline and they retaliated by charging the police division at the park). So I had nowhere to go now, my parents are out on a trip and I didn't have my cellphone on me. Worst of all, I had one hour to get to another point of the city to do a performance.So when I got back at the house were I did the rehearsal, I asked if I could call a cab but my partners told me they could give me a ride.So I joined them, since they had to do a performance too they had to go to some places to retrieve some stuff they would use, then we got to my place. I rushed to my floor, got my make-up, changed my socks and rushed back down to the car.I got to the place I needed to be on time, 20 minutes early as a matter of fact  So I rendevouz with the group I was supposed to meet for the performance, we got into a home... wait, first I'll tell you where I was.In the annual artistical meeting of Santa Lucia, people take a whole street to show photographs, paintings, make theatrical/dance performances, play music of any genre and whatever instruments... I mean, every freak in this city (and some from other countries, mostly Germany) goes to that place to delight themselves or expose their own work. And the works of art are not only displayed in the street, the community there actually lends their houses and people can make almost anything they want in there, as long as they respect the owners.So we got into a house that was lend to us, we changed and we did the performance.I sucked... it's the first time I did something out of a theater, and all the noise and wind didn't helped me project my voice. The girls were great, some audio problems (they later said that it was a "deaf dance") but it was good nonetheless.When I got back to the house, I noticed that my wallet was missing. Since none of the girls were missing theirs I supposed I dropped it somewhere, anyway I could'nt find it.Bummer, that along with my performance got me really down so I went to a pub nearby to meet with my uncle, he told me to cheer up and offered me a beer and I obliged... I was thirsty anyway.I supposed I would drink a few beers and then go home, but then one of the dancers (a really cute girl by the way) called me and told me to get back to where we were ASAP. I rushed (with beer on hand) to that place and they asked me if I found my wallet. So the director gave me approximately 20 bucks to cover my losses (which were approximately that, along with my freaking ID), they bought me another beer and I tag along with them. I didn't walked much when I bumped into some people I know, and after saying hello I lost the dancers.So I started going back to the pub BUT THEN I bumped into a friend of mine, he gave me a cigarrette and we went on our merry way. Then some people on a rooftop started playing this song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFKN2ZhxbxkFUUUUUUUUUUCK, that was AWESOME, the night was getting better and better, then I bumped into the dancers again... and I lost my friend XDAnd again, I walked for a bit and then I bumped into someone I know who's actually living in another city, I asked her what she was doing and I was so happy to hear from her again. Then she left me to go get something, I guess she thought I would leave the minute she left since she didn't came back.I bumped into my friend again and we started going back to the pub, but then I bumped into one of my best friends and we started talking about our projects.When I was at the pub earlier, I bumped into a recent friend that wants to produce tv shows and sell them to other countries. I already told him that my best friend is a great director and really imaginative. So I told my best friend to come along with me to the pub, he said that he didn't wanted because he didn't have any money to spend on the beers.BUT I HAD! so I told him I would buy beers for him and his girlfriend and we went there. I introduced them to my producer friend and they got along, and left them since I wanted to hang out with my uncle.Some time later I got back to my friends and we started walking to the place where all the art was but then I bumped into her...Shit, I bumped into this girl I... "like" the same one who told me that she was not going to miss going to this place with me, the same manipulative bimbo who's depleting my apparently BIG patience. We exchanged some words and she told me she was with these german guys so I told "well piss off then, on you go boyo" of course she responded accordingly and I smirked and left her there.Behind my cocky attitude, I was really sad and angry to find her there... but I had my mate with me, so I tried to put on a good show.When I couldn't take it anymore I just told him that I needed to go back to the pub with my uncle, and of course, pass out drinking. Which I didn't, but I got pretty hammered.I got a call from a friend to come to his place and keep drinking, so my uncle dropped me there and I ate some bread at my friend's place. We chatted for a bit and then I left to sleep in his guest room. I slept like a baby... a drunk baby, but a baby nonetheless.You know how did all that happened to me? I think it's because I'm actually allowing myself to live and love, being a great friend: that's loveBeing a rude asshole: that's love too.IT'S ALL FUCKING LOVE, MAN!And I want to share that love with all of you, since now you're important to me too, I don't talk to you, I rarely do when I get into the chats. Sometimes I post, but I read lots of posts, I care for you guys and I just want you to love all you can. I'm a cynic, a misantrophe in love with humanity... a walking contradiction. I don't care, I love with all my hate and hate with all my love, I think I'm beggining to see what this whole thing we call life is.AND YOU KNOW WHAT? I'll meet up with a girl I met on sunday today, and we gonna hit it up, and if we don't... who cares!?And if I can get what I want, so will you. Be thankful, I gave me spare change to some poor children I met in the streets, it felt so good to give my money away!All the people I bumped into yesterday (I didn't mentioned everyone of them, only the relevants)... I didn't told it to them, but secretly I was thankful of having the chance to meet them, even if we didn't become best of friends, I was thankful for having them once in my life.This post has gotten too long, but I'm just so damn happy, so much that I don't know how to end it!