Feeling awake rather than asleepI've been thinking about this, and for those who know my story know I don't post lots in the public part of the forum about myself and also that I am a little nervous of this section of the forum. The reason I am nervous is if I say I am on the home straight and I'm in recovery will it suddenly take it away from me. I used to think so, but I think I am stronger right now and am able to challenge the negativity that goes on in my head so much better than I ever have before. It dawned on me that I feel awake, like I am present in my own life making my own choices and if I am honest with myself I don't think this has been the case since my dad passed in 1998. I think I have been sleeping my way through life just letting things happen to me thinking that I don't deserve to be able to make any choices of my own and that life is that thing that happens to you. It is that thing that happens to you, and you can't control everything but it is about what you do when those things hit you.A potted history, is that my natural mother died from an asthma attack when I was 18 months old. My birth father was unable to cope (their words not mine - and ones I've replayed a million times to say how bad I must have been for them both to not want me) so he gave me up to his parents (my grandparents) for adoption and they became mum and dad. I think I was loved a lot, perhaps a little too much if that's possible, but it was ok. When I was 19 my mum died of a heart attack that left me and dad. I was doing my degree and it was to be another 9 years before he died. In between was his alcoholism/abusive behaviour when drunk where I struggled to see my own self worth or watching him threatening to kill himself as he missed mum so much. Roll forwards to now and after lots of episodes of depression and two breakdowns recently I am living in a family where my birth father and his wife haven't spoken to me for 6 months because I dared to challenge the way I was spoken to and also that they thought it was ok for me to be ill again as I can always get better. In addition my brother (biological uncle) is seriously ill and don't know how long we have him for. I have spent years and years thinking I am not good enough and people always leave, the history above gives a clue as to why. But its either life taking its course or other peoples issues, mostly nothing to do with me. I have tortured myself for years and years living a life where I have either been completely numb or downright miserable where I've had bad thoughts.I am writing as I think that a combination of the right treatment from the cmht here, and support from friends as well as being able to express myself here has brought me to a place where I am saying to myself what do I really want now. Starting small I am working on my house which has been slow progress since it was left to me by my father. I am starting to see I can look after myself but don't need to be independent. There are people around me that want to help as they actually like me, a difficult thing to accept but I am trying hard with it. Over the last 12 months I have done some things I would never have dreamed of. I've got involved with a band and their fans and had some amazing experiences. Dressed in decorators overalls, mask and goggles we went to a secret gig in a boxing ring. We threw powdered paint around and I spoke to a few people. And I have gone on to meet some lovely people and some of them have become firm friends. We continued the year dressing as soldiers and zombies at another gig and also at a secret festival where I got to interact with the band. But my confidence around people has improved. I go to the gigs and feel like I did many many many years ago when I was at sea with the navy and going round a room just chatting and being me. Something I just couldn't identify until now. I have made some lovely friends on here I think where people are helpful and honest. I have also met another friend via a social club. I have had the guts to leave a job I was in for 6 and a half years and took nearly a year off to get me straight. I've taken a job that is less responsibility so I could focus on my therapy and me, now knowing it has outgrown me and I need something different.I think what I am saying is that this world is suddenly filled with possibilities rather than doors closing or a feeling of I can't do that. If the door doesn't open or I take a wrong turn I will just try something different. There are things I could be negative about such as my lack of intimate relationships and my brother being so seriously ill but I accept they are things in my life and make me who I am right here and now. And I think I am starting to see that I like who I am now more than I have ever done. So I wanted to say a little thank you to DWD, Suzi, and the mods for playing a part in getting me to this point. I look forward to more learning about me to come....