I love youMy dear brothers and sisters, I have come here to bring you a message of love so that you may find hope in your suffering.When you are depressed, you feel so alone, so cut off. I know what it feels like, and no matter who you talk to, no one seems to understand what you are going through. You desperately search for a light to fill the darkness in your heart. You long to be loved, yet the circumstances you are in make you to feel depressed, alone, hated, unloved. You see nothing but suffering, and whenever happiness appears it is short lived and you end up suffering again. You cry and cry, until you cry yourself to sleep. And when you wake up the next day you have no motivation to get up, because you feel life is cruel and pointless. You look for a reason to keep on living, yet you feel that you are being punished, and you seek to escape this cruel world by means of drugs and suicide. You feel that no matter how much you cry, your inner voice is never heard.But it is heard, the cry of your heart is always heard, you just can’t hear the reply, because you are not listening. I have come here to be your light, to illuminate the darkness in your heart. My wish is to spark your own light in your heart. The universe always hears you, because you are one with the universe. I am here because the universe has heard your cry, and it wants to comfort you and let you know that you are always loved. You feel alone because you have forgotten that you are at every moment in the heart of all that is. You do not feel loved, because love can only be felt by loving. Love is unconditional, it does not look at your outward appearance. It looks at your heart, your inner being, and it loves you for who you are, not who you think you are. It loves you unconditionally.In order to feel love, you have to love. Love your self. You might say it is difficult, because I am like this and I look like that. Your thoughts create your reality. Don’t worry about your outward appearance, don’t worry about what other’s think of you. Look within yourself, look at your inner being. Go deep down in your heart, and be truthful to yourself. Ask, what is it that my heart desires, not what my mind is craving. You need to learn to love yourself, for the being that you are, not the self-centered ego that you think you are.Practice meditation, use it to go deep within, to block out all outside influences and negativity, and to understand that the whole universe is inside you. Take a dip in the ocean of infinite love, the same love that binds the whole universe together. Suicide is not a solution. You will create more suffering for yourself through suicide. The mind does not die upon death, only the body. After death the mind goes through intense experiences to try and balance the impressions of the dropped body. And just before it reaches that balance there is a disturbance, and it associates itself with another body. Whatever happens in your past life will affect where you start of and what characteristics will manifest themselves in the next life. The mind needs a body in order for it to liberate itself from suffering. The mind seeks to associate itself with a new body, in order to exhaust the impressions of the previous body, but while attempting to liberate itself it gets tangled up in the new body with new impressions. Therefore you cannot escape suffering through suicide, you will only create worse conditions for yourself.You are not alone in your suffering, the whole universe is suffering because of ignorance of the truth. The reality of who we are.If you are the universe, how do you observe yourself? You create an illusion of being separate from yourself. You create an illusion of not being the universe, “I” am observing the universe, “I” am separate from this universe, therefore “I” cannot be this universe which “I” am observing. And so you become ignorant. You came to observe yourself, and you forgot yourself, you became ignorant of your "self".Come out of your suffering, return to the home which you never really left. You are the universe, there are just veils of ignorance blinding you from this truth. Take the spiritual journey inwards. Your soul is longing for union with the divine. You are a divine being with a divine purpose, in this divine play called creation. Remember who you are, not who you think you are. Remember your purpose, you chose to be here.Our world is going through dramatic changes which will change the course of history. We are on a journey back home, as we begin to realize our true nature, and as we begin to live in harmony with the divine will. I invite you to be a part of this purification of Earth, to be a part of the new world to come. One which will be full of harmony, love and peace. Throughout this time period you will constantly be pushed to make a choice, to either continue living in ignorance, where you feed the self-centered ego with material possessions and desires, or to change your way of being to be aligned with the divine will, and live a life full of love, peace and happiness, knowing that the universe will always guide you to your hearts longing for union with your true self.Understand that you are a slave to the habit pattern of your mind. To come out of suffering you must learn to discipline your mind to always live in the moment, aligned with the divine will. You need to learn the art of living, which is the art of balance. Meditation is the key to mastery over your mind. As you progress on your spiritual journey the veils of ignorance over your consciousness will slowly be lifted and you will experience what you never imagined was impossible. Your entire being will be lighter and you will have a sense of purpose in your life which will always motivate you on your path. The mind does not like change. It needs to be disciplined. You will encounter many obstacles on your journey, however those obstacles are the creations of your mind trying to throw you off your path. What you consider to be punishment, or ‘nothing going your way’ are just lessons to be learnt. Once you learn those lessons you will realize that you were wasting your energy on worry for nothing, you had to learn that lesson in order to move forward. There is no punishment, only lessons.Seek the ultimate truth, seek for union with ‘God’, seek for union with your self. We are all family, we are all brothers and sisters. If you still believe you are not loved, know that I love you, with all my heart. Love is one way, you can only feel love by loving. Love is a verb.Your suffering is your own creation, it does not come from outside, it is not because of this person or this situation. It is because of the habit pattern of your mind to react to the sensations your mind creates, upon contact of this person or this situation. You can not blame anyone for your suffering, but you can come out of it. I can only show you the path, you have to walk it. You have to fight your own battle against the habit pattern of your mind. You are the master of your mind, do not be it’s slave.Practice Vipassana meditation. It is a gem, it is the path of purification of the mind. Take at least one course, it will bring about a change in your life. The courses are free of charge.May you come out of your sufferings. May you experience true harmony, true peace and true happiness. May you be liberated. Listen to your heart. Discipline your mind. Live in the moment.Remember, I love you. <remove link - edit>