Tinder, Friendship, Sex and Male BPD?by dazedandconfsed » Thu May 21, 2015 8:19 pmHello Everyone,So, I've just completed my first year of university and it's been rough. I was diagnosed with BPD, I went to the hospital for alcohol intoxication and lost the majority of my "friends" by the end of the year.During my final week at school I felt as though everyone around me that called themselves my "friends" were never really there for me and only used me / didn't consider me a true friend. When I discussed my feelings with them they called me "high-maintenance" or "Machiavellian." Consequently, I sat on my bed one night and drank a half of a bottle of whiskey and began perusing Tinder on my phone.Now, I am a 19 year old male and consider myself heterosexual (although I dislike labels), primarily because my only true romantic experiences have been with women. I have, however, during my bouts of impulsivity and high sex drive, have had sexual relations with other men and I'm perfectly at ease with that, I would say. Although, I tend to feel an increase in my general misanthropy after each encounter, regardless of the experiences (I haven't worked through this byproduct yet).That night, I met a guy who goes to my school and began texting him over the course of a couple of weeks and it has been one of the best things for me. Now that I'm at home for the summer, he's someone I can talk to and I really get a good amount of attention from him - I'm almost obsessed at this point. The point of this post, or the concern really, is that he is hinting at sexual and perhaps romantic intimacy (he was searching for men on tinder, of course) and it's making me a little uncomfortable. In my mind, I want him to be my best friend and I don't see a problem with occasional bouts of mild sexual intimacy, but I feel like we are on different pages. I'm just anxious now that I'll lose him and another male that I would say is a friendly acquaintance, because they both happen to (previously unbeknownst to me) roommates. I just don't feel like having to explain myself to the acquaintance who is bound to find out by August (especially since he's seen me act sexually impulsively before and it's strained our relationship) and I don't want the guy from Tinder to hate me afterward.Sorry for the long post. Can someone offer me some advice?Regards.