Can anyone relate?by Alucard » Tue May 19, 2015 12:28 amSometimes I can't tell where in the hell my brain is. I know for the majority of the time i'm extremely anxious but there are other times a sudden depression will hit. Sometimes it will be medium and last a few hours, other times it will be severe and last a couple days. Sometimes it's triggered by something other times it's not. I've been so depressed I've heard voices telling me I'm worthless and that I should end my life. That only happened once, thank God, and it was a couple years ago. I've come close to that depression level before recently and it's becoming more frequent. But on the other hand, i'll swing back up, confident in everything. That sometimes lasts a few days to a couple hours too, i'm not really sure, it's hard to keep track of. I'm normally crippled by severe social anxiety but when i'm in that confident state I can almost do anything in relation to people. Sometimes being around too many people will bring the confidence back down and send me back into a depression, so I don't usually count those episodes as anything abnormal. Usually though, it's random. When i'm confident I don't feel like there's anything wrong with me, that I've beat almost all my anxieties, and i'll have an optimistic outlook on my future. On the extreme end, i'll get ridiculously arrogant and feel rather cold towards others, like everyone else is below me and honestly there are times I believe it. I could care less if people call me conceited or an egomaniac. Sometimes my anxiety will get so terrible i'll be awake all night thinking if I go to sleep the demons on my closet are going to kill me. Sometimes I feel them watching me, other times they don't exist. Telling people this is not easy. I don't want a diagnosis, I just want to learn to cope with my experiences. On the whole other side of things, there are times like right now as I write this post, that I can't identify with anything. I'm confident and better than everyone and could honestly tell just about everyone in this library how stupid they are, but i'm depressed and feel that i'm devilish inside. The feelings always swing back and forth by the minute when i'm like this and I can't tell whether i'm going to climb back up like I was a few hours ago or fall back down like I was a few days ago. Sometimes i'm so confused by everything I feel like my brain is faking all this stuff. But my brain doesn't have a mind of its own, does it? Does anyone know how to cope with this kind of stuff?I forgot to mention: I do have times where i'm feeling alright. Not overly confident but not depressed, just . . . semi-normal I guess.