Why BPD do fall in love with people they hardly know?by Upper » Sun May 31, 2015 5:56 pmI’m a gay man in my late 30’s with BPD (diagnosed on my late 20’s). I suffer from most of the symptoms, except from self-harm and uncontrollable anger. I wonder why we generally fall “in love” so easy and quickly with people we barely know. But, in my case, unlike the majority of people with Borderline, I can’t fall “out of love” that quickly. My obsession over someone can last years. I just can’t control my emotions towards the person I’m attracted to at a given moment. I have always been the kind of person who becomes completely attracted to people I hardly know, fascinated, beguiled, intrigued by them. Today, looking back, I feel it has been a pattern since I was 12 y/o. I could fall “in love” with just almost anyone, as long as the person was the least physically attractive and kind to me. When I mean anyone, it really could be any person: a neighbor, a co-worker, a salesperson, a classmate, a friend, any random guy who were attentive to me. If nothing real happens between the “objects of my attraction” infatuation and me, I can forget them in a few weeks, or worst case scenario, in a couple of months at most. But if something actually happens (anything, like going on a date, one single kiss, etc), I really “fall in love” with them. I connect with them in an instantaneous and strong way to a point I think they are my “soul-mate”. It’s insane. It takes a couple of hours together and I’m picturing our lives together, being a couple, merging myself into that person, and being one “wholeness”. Here is what happened to me last. I went on a trip with my mother to Vienna a month ago. The first day we arrived, my mom stayed at the hotel and I went for a walk to get familiar with the city. Then, it starts to rain and I enter in a department store, go to the restroom to pee (literally, nothing else in mind) and when I'm about to leave I see an young guy coming out of one of the stalls. The moment our eyes crosses I think, “this might go into something”, but then I look away hoping everything is going back to normal. But it doesn't. He starts a conversation and 15 minutes later, we are in one of the stalls kissing. To make a long story short, I'm afraid of getting caught; leave the store, thinking I would never see him again, as it usually does happen in a scenario like this one. But when I reach the street, I hear I voice and it was him. He invites to a coffee, we go to a bar and spend the rest of the afternoon talking. I was impressed how articulate, sweet, polite, attentive he was for someone so young (later he told me he was 28 y/o, but he look like 20 y/o). That was what took to me to fell “in love” with him. After that, I saw him one more time, and then I flew back to US. We exchanged a few emails and texts. His emails/texts usually were short, usually he saying “he had a great time”, “how I liked Austria”, or “how was my flight back”, but my emails/texts were long, long “essays”. LoL. Typical BDP, right?The last email I sent him a week ago, wasn't replied. Now, every inch of me has been craving that glorious moments we had together. I think about him every single moment of the day. In order not to be tempted to contact him anymore, I erased his number out of my phone (and his email too) because clearly he is either scared or not “obsessed” with me, as I expect everybody to be. I assume for him it was just a fling, but to me ... well, you guys know what it means to someone with BPD?Can anyone relate to this?