Unemployed with bpd?by Blaalad13 » Fri Jan 30, 2015 2:21 amHi guys. Let me just state first that i have NOT been diagnosed with bpd. However i believe it is what i have as i meet almost all the criteria. I have not seen a psychiatrist for a diagnoses simply because i believe dealing with the "symptoms' is more important then finding out what label is attached to you. I also believe theres too much guess work doing on regarding mental health and getting an accurate diagnoses is unlikely anyway!!Given that i have not being officially diagnosed! I shall alter the question slightly ....Are any of you guys that display bpd traits/symptoms , unemployed and feel like you just are not ready nor capable of working?Im unemployed years now and although i have always felt i want to work.I have never known what i want to do or what i would even be good at. I have no self belief and its difficult to explain why but i just feel as if having a job just isnt for me. Theres no doubt confidence is an issue and maybe anxiety but i feel immature .I have been spoiled my whole life and i still am spoiled. I fear this has caused me to lose my independence or something . I used to think it was just a confidence thing and nothing to do with my bpd traits. In other words i didnt actually think there was anything wrong with me in relation to working.I just thought ah maybe im just lazy and have no self esteem but recently i saw a guidance counselor about finding a course/job for me and have started to question why i feel the way i do!I was given a list of jobs that suit my personality and told to try and pick some that sound interesting to me but iam struggling to pick an occupation i would like . I feel as tho i have no interest in anything , no idea what iam good at and furthermore , iam lazing about all day doing nothing with my life and thinking to myself "how the hell am i gonna keep a job" I feel i should be excited about getting a job but instead im scared $#%^ lol I think ultimately iam afraid to go out into the world on my own and have to fend for myself etc Is this something associated with bpd or would this be unrelated? Iam guessing alot of people with bpd are employed and cope with they're jobs well?