I think I have BPD?!?? Here's my story...by winter_solstice » Sun May 31, 2015 4:56 pmHi All!This is a big step for me...admitting the truth about myself and seeking the proper help.I thought I'd join a forum because I've just YouTubed and researched the pants of mental illnesses and BPD.I thought since I was around 12 I was always wrong, disappointing people/my parents, people not liking me, being an outsider, people saying I was quirky/weird... But to understand why I think I have BPD I'll start from the beginning. I was adopted around the age of 1. It was a strange situation of my biological mother telling me my parents now we're my real parents. I called them mum and dad (so I'm told) I was adopted from a poor family in South American. My biological mother said she wanted a better life for me as she already had two other children and little money. Long story short my grandmother contacted my now mother about a child that she might like to adopt as she couldn't have children and had been actively looking for the right child to love. I got adopted by my parents now and moved around the world having a very fortunate life, a life many would dream of. We would go back to South American to visit my adopted grandparents and small things would happen which I realise now only arose questions in my mind years later. People would come up to me and say they new me and blah blah random people I didn't even know who they were! I was confused! Then came the news I had 2 half sisters! What!!? Then I was almost forced to meet them, two random people. I remember not knowing how to feel! This wasn't real! Then my so calledBiological father turned up out of the blue...who was this man? Saying these things? ToldTo hug him, he got meGifts...who was he?? Not my dad some strange man. I remember rhinking he was going to take me away, steal me! As a child I didn't know what was happening. Eventually I went to meet his new family and meet new half siblings...like what was going on? I felt so out of touch with reality! He kept turning up and the more scared I got. I told my adopted dad to tell him I didn't want to see him anymore and thankfully he respected that...then I heard he never wanted to have anything to do with me when I was a baby, didn't help my biological mother out for money to support me...and now because I was in a good family he wanted to know me? I didn't know what I was feeling. Only fear but as I got older I had questions, I felt unwanted and abandoned in some ways? I kept this all inside and little did I think these feelings of abandonment would change my life and how I created relationships!At the age of 9 I was told my biological mother died. What did it mean. I got told initially she got sick..and years later I found out she contracted HIV/AIDS and died and...so did my half baby brother who was born with it too...the shock. My mind....what to believe...I can only assume that my trust issues now stem from not even knowing the truth, who do I trust, what stories do I believe?? Again kept it all inside.Around the same time my cousin who was 17...molested me over two days until I said please stop...I've never told anyone that ever...but I now realise...I mean...I now need to confront my past to move on...he was like the brother K thought I never had, a friend we played together everyday. When I toldHim to stop he stopped playing with me...rejected almost? now I look back and think through all my relationships I've had with me. All cheated on me and I used to think and still probably do think K needed to give myself physically to keep them...I don't know..I'm just trying to fix this puzzle...I mean even now with friends in general...I don't let them get close because a couple have and stabbed me in the back and not been a true friend like I was to them..not I cut people off before they get close..I have maybe 3 closeish friends who have made it past ME and I don't want to lose them now..being lonely is horrible and even though I know they are there I often don't reply to texts or calls..I dunno what am I doing?!?Then throughout my life my dad worked hard and mum was at home being with me the most...I used to get in trouble a lot because I didn't follow her rules and never did anything right. If I was late by 10 mins from school I'd get a shouting at...compared me to my friends on how much better they are (tough love?!??)...told I was fat and put on a died age 12! She competed with me and for my dads attention....i look back now and go why?? I'm your child. He's my dad who loves me!! They argued so often, screaming, shouting. She accused him of cheating,threatened to leave, blamed me for many arguments...when he wasn't there she used to get in a rage and beat me with a swop den even though I screamed and cried for her to stop...she thought it was normal...she said she got worse as a child so she justified it?!? Despite this all I tried so hard to please them, her..but nothing ever felt good enough. I'd make mistakes and I'd go right back to the start, in trouble...my whole life just "you're not trying hard enough, have you given up? You've lost weight, you gained weight, your hair looks nice but...just everything never quite meeting expectations! I'd get told that they just want the best for me and pushed me to succeed but I think it drove me to a deeper darker place and they never knew...I was so sensitive to their words, their criticism...I don't know...I'm just clawing for answers to fix myself..Even now, at the age of 23 I started my own dog walking/pet sitting business and felt so proud but mostly it would keep them off my back but even then they were proud but always - do this do that...like I'm screaming in my head WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME!! Why can I not do anything right!! Why can I not please you? Work Relarionahip clothes hair my personally my choices...a constant struggle....and now I just don't feel good enough...I can't remember the last time I felt happy about myself..some days I look at myself and think you look good today..then no you look terrible go to the gym! Put make up on..self criticism...everyone saying I'm this lovely bubbly happy person...and you know I've come to realise it's all been a mask...a mask to hide all my pain..j have so much pain that K kept inside all these years...I was in an abusive relationship at Uni which didn't help but K held on to help him and for off about me...was almost a relief to not think about me but someone else..thankfully when I graduated I got toLeave...I was free! Free from him but still not from what was inside Of me..also through my relationships at Uni I did sleep with multiple people, I also then got cheated on many times and then started to think everyone would cheat on me...my insecurities on cheating really started to show..-at Uni I drank to hide everything..I started to lash out and act crazy...when I graduated I said I hated that me and thought wouldn't go out as much and drink that much again...it was ok for a bit.My mood gradually started to change and often got told I was acting like a child, being dramatic, rude...and when I met my most recent partner...well I had reached the worst...my moods changed like a snap of a finger...he's say something and I'd go in a "mood" often not speaking but acting cold...then sometimes snap out of it and be happy and I'm all over him cooing like a child...the first year it was okay..then it gradually got worse...oh he broke up with me at the start but came back because he was scared to commit but we got past that...well..maybe I thought K did?? Guess not..I feel like he could leave me like he left me before...then the more I started to fall in love with him and him with me the more the fear of abandonment came and was he cheating, we'd argue and accuse him of looking at some girl or even a girl on the television!! Like whattttt. I say it all on here and what! This is insane! I just couslnt keep my mouth shut and control my anger and express myself properly...he loved me so much and Inknew I just couldn't take it in...he gave me so many chances...In the end we had 2 big fights and all been after a night out of me drinking too much...some of it is blacked out and I don't remember what I said...he was single for ages and used to date a lot etc and because of my past I think I never felt trust...okay so I did trust him but then not?!! Gahhh I don't know!! He loved me and treated me so well but I still could not see that he wouldn't never cheat on me and wrap my head around the fact he was single and could do what he wanted and with me he was faithful always. I just couslnt stop that jealousy feeling of anyone else having me...and that always came out in those arguments calling him names and  then after one I threaten to cut myself...to make him stay I can only gather...then second time I escalated more to hitting him on the arm...I'd say mean things..when something would trigger me I'd boil inside, go in a mood, whisper rude comments so he could hear...I became so evil to someone I love so much?!?? I just could not stop myself...I just couldn't...then after saying mean things I would cry and ask forgiveness and say sorry...in a second...He basically had enough and all my mixed emotions and behaviour just pushed him to leave me..he is actually in the process now...I went to a Councellor before for 6 months thinking I had anger issues only and then stopped when I thought I was better but now I realise...I didn't talk about half the things here..so how could he have helped me? Again I lied, sugar coated things..scared to face the truth...I love my boyfriend. I love him so much that he was the first person I have told all this too. Not to ask for forgiveness and take me back but to give him all of me and the truth. The truth about me and give him answers and maybe selfishly to show him I wasn't crazy Injuat hasn't dealt with these issues...maybe it was a way to make him stay? But he's going anyway which...is tearing me apart..the one person I never wanted to leave me is leaving me..one person who knows everything about me..not my parents not my friends not my Councellor....but I know there is only so much a person can handle but I hope that he knows I am seeking help properly now an that when I am better we can start over..I don't know what the future hold but because of him and him saying he's actually leaving me..has pushed me so far down that I'm tired of lying and being all over the place and not letting go of my past..not dealing with this all...his love is pushing me forays because I am exhausted...He has saved me. But the sadness is still there that he may not come back but without this whole thing happening I could just continue like this forever...and I'm so tired...even my dreams are nightmares..so sleeping doesn't even put me at eas sometime..I can't lose anyone eles...I've spent 2 days googling how I feel, mental issues...finding symptoms..and I just stumbled going BPD and what...I just said tick tick tick to everything people were saying!! I don't know if O have I and have my first counceling session tomorrow to see how they can help me but I feel there is hope..i feel happy to know that I'm not crazy and dramatic and whatever...I want to learn to turn my life around and be a true me....I'm sorry for a long post..I just wanted somewhere safe to say my story...to get advice...to not be judge for once  I'm trying with all the strength I can find in me now even at this hard time during a split to find answers...I'm fighting to live and for someone I want to spend the rest of my life with...he has been there through it all and I want to show him I can be someone normal to love and I can love myself...even though I want him back in my life...I need to fix me...deal with my deamons...and finally feel what it's like to live!!I hope tomorrow brings answers or at least hope...Thank you all and thank god I found this forum!!!