Do you ever wonder..by TinyToad » Wed Jun 03, 2015 5:38 pmHow you would have turned if you had grown up in a healthy and invalidating environment? I have wondered this many times and find myself thinking about it again today. I wonder what the *true* me would be like without all of this dysfunctional crap in my head. I wonder it about a lot of things.Like when I get to know women who have a kind, supportive and mentally stable father and who are close with their fathers, I cannot even fathom what that would be like. When I try to imagine myself in their shoes, my brain can't do it, my brain changes the situation automatically to my own experiences and I just feel disturbed. So I feel disturbed on behalf of these women, like I feel anxiety for them because my brain cannot comprehend how they can really be safe and happy like that. So it makes me wonder how I would be different or feel different or how I might see the world differently if I had grown up in a healthier environment with mentally healthy parents.Based on what I have read, BPD typically has a biological factor and our brains are more emotionally intense than average, and then there is the factor of growing up in a mentally and emotionally unhealthy environment, possibly other types of abuse but not necessarily, and then shazam BPD. So it really makes me wonder what the outcome is if a person is born with a brain that is very emotionally intense but lucks out and gets super healthy and validating parents. What does that outcome look like in adulthood? Would we have actually turned out just be extremely emotionally strong yet deep, would we have turned out to be extremely empathetic? More creative somehow?Sometimes it is my biggest motivation for not giving up on recovery. Someday if possible I would really like to know what my true self is like without all of this toxic, disordered pathology going on, without the paranoia and confusion, or the jumpy emotional reflexes waiting for the other shoe to drop all the time, without constantly be on red alert status for abandonment and betrayal. I would really like to know someday what I was really meant to be like. 