Well Meant Tactics Do Not Work On Me, Just Make Me Angrierby TinyToad » Tue Jun 02, 2015 6:21 pmI do tend to be very manipulative and cunning in a way as part of my BPD issues. I feel extremely defensive because I am constantly on edge and alert for other people trying to manipulate me so I try to stay several steps ahead which means that I think very much like a manipulative person, basically trying to read people deeply and figure out what they are thinking. So I have read a bunch of articles and such on how "nons" try to deal with people like us. So now I recognize the tactics and it just makes me even angrier when I recognize them because then I feel that I know they are not really respecting me or taking me seriously they are just seeing me as a dumb child and trying to mentally pat me on the head.Like if I tell a person that something they did or said made me very upset and why and they respond with, "I am sorry you feel that way," it makes me suddenly so mad I feel like literally attacking. It is like when people who mean well and are just trying to take healthy advice for loved ones of people with BPD and so on, it actually makes me even more riled up than before. I do think part of it is my own paranoia but it still makes things very difficult none the less. Like another example was when I was feeling hypomanic and also needy at the same time at work years ago and so I would email back and forth with a coworker funny things throughout the day. This went on for weeks and they seemed to be enjoying it and that it did not bother them getting their work done. But then one day they emailed me back basically saying, "I really like chatting with you during the day but we should probably stop now, I don't want us to get in trouble lol." I felt really stung because I felt like they never enjoyed chatting with me but they must think I am a crazy person and so they are just nervously trying to smooth it over by pretending they are looking out for us both. In retrospect that seems more like a paranoia example but it is the same emotional experience regardless.I also get pissed when people try to validate my feelings to my face because it feels like they are mocking me. Like if I am venting about being upset by something and then someone makes some obvious statement like, "You seem very upset about this," I will have a moment where I feel like I could whip a stapler at them or something.It makes me wonder what it is I REALLY need in these sorts of situation because I have realized that a lot of people have been saying things that articles would advise them to say as ways to calm someone like me down or help me feel better but these things only make me feel even worse, more humiliated and really ticked off. The whole world just feels menacing I guess because if people say the right things I feel like it is fake and mocking me and if people say the wrong things well I take it that way.I think a big part of it must be body language or expression or something because I do not get the same emotional reactions from online communicating. Like when I am on forums like this one I feel like I get to present a totally abnormal version of myself because I tend to be calm and relaxed and rational which is nothing like what I get like when I am trying to deal with people in person in real life. It is all so weird. That is like the only clue I have figured out though I guess. Other than that I do not really understand why this is all the case.