Can you EVER recover from this?by catlady1786 » Mon May 25, 2015 7:58 pmHi there, I’m a newbie to the forum and I think I may have borderline personality disorder. I have had a myriad of the symptoms for as long as I can remember, and they have always affected me most in my close relationships. I used to to think it was always the other person’s fault until I lost the love of my life about 5 years ago because he couldn’t deal with the constant draining, negative energy I brought to the relationship. I am now in another relationship with a person I love very much, and the cycle is repeating itself over and over. I am not treating him with the respect he deserves and as much as I’m aware of this, I can’t seem to control my temper or my constant criticism of everything and everyone. When I go into my delusional moments of rage, I can’t seem to stop and I end up saying and doing things that I regret. I’m at the point where I am constantly feeling guilty for my behaviour and I truly believe this disorder is ruining my life. I am a very controlling person by nature, and so not being able to control myself in those moments is absolutely destroying me, the guilt is too much to bear. I don’t know what to do at this point. I’m 30 years old now, I would say that I have been in and out of therapy for the past 10 years. It hasn’t really helped much. I am doing everything I can in the sense that I have researched BPD into oblivion and have found a treatment called Dialectical Behavioural Therapy that I have yet to try. I contacted a psychologist who practices DBT last week, and I have an appointment with her soon. I already feel like this is never going to work, like I am going to be stuck with my thoughts forever. I literally feel imprisoned. I am just wondering if anyone on these forums has ever been able to recover? Even slightly? I don’t want to lose my partner because of this. I just want him to be happy with me and I want to stop reacting to stupid things that shouldn’t affect me the way they do. I have had a very troubled childhood, with a history of abuse and I’m just looking for hope.Thanks for listening.