What does bottom feel like?by batcap » Thu Jun 04, 2015 7:32 pmI just don't think that it can get much worse. I've literally lost hope that I'll ever achieve any sense of normalcy. The years of self sabotage, self harm & self hatred have left me broken. I feel like a ghost drifting through life & I have no idea who it is that is looking at me in the mirror. Not only am I completely screwed up in the head but my health is terrible as well. I'm overweight & can't pass the psych test to have gastric bypass surgery. With the roller coaster that is my emotional makeup I can only find solace in binge eating, which of course leads to the guilt. My diabetes is out of control & I'm starting to suffer from nerve damage so I'm in constant pain. How can it get worse? Is this bottom? Two months ago I decided that it was time to throw in the towel. I stopped therapy, I've stopped going to the doctor & I've stopped my medications. I want so badly to end it all but I can't do that to my kids. If I die of a heart attack or diabetic complications at least they won't know that dad wanted to die. How do you continue on when you've either failed at everything, made poor decisions or sabotaged what little bit of successes you've had? The debt, the lies and not knowing who I am are just so debilitating. When I was diagnosed as BPD at 41 I was so angry, all the horrible decisions, the emotional turmoil could be explained but my life is gone. I'm hooked on white chocolate kit kats & am chain smoking, I can feel my blood sugar surge to the point my eyesight blurs. God I hate myself. My faith is gone, my hope is gone. The only time I can feel any clarity is when I cut. The people I am closest to are nagging me to go to the doctor but I can't because it's a waste of money. My boys need braces & I can't justify spending money on myself when their lives are just beginning. I'm a bad investment, every time someone has invested or believed in me its ended up with me disappointing them. I know that if I go into therapy again that all the lies about who I am will come out & I don't want to put everyone though that. I have a different identity to everyone in my life & I have no idea what identity I actually am. What my family needs most from me is to work, we barely make ends meet & five of us live in a tiny two bedroom apartment so we can live in a good school district, so that's what I do. What the heck is normal? I haven't felt it in so long. The only blip of normal is on these boards because my normal is so close to so many of you. Can you really pick yourself up off the mat when you're trapped in an unbreakable cycle? Ugh, sorry for the despair & thanks for being there...