Never getting over your ex, and ongoing regretsby raininmybrain » Sun May 31, 2015 12:58 amHi there and thanks in advance for reading. I've been traveling for the past several months, in Europe and America (I've been living in California for about 10 years), and I'm basically returning to the area where my ex lives. He and I are close, and I still depend on him for help with a lot of things (including practical things, which means I can't just stop speaking to him entirely, and I wouldn't ever want to do that). I hoped this time away would help my independence, and I think it has somewhat.But while I was away he moved in with his partner of several years. He and I haven't been together in a long time, but I constantly regret the decision to leave and see it as at least somewhat tied to my BPD. I also think there's a positive side - I needed to grow and the relationship was stifling in that he was a caretaker to me, and I believed we were codependent, and he ended up feeling like a parental figure.But I can't really see myself better off with anyone else. Most people leave me - even though it's not the kind of "You crazy bitch, leave me alone, I can tell you have a disorder" kind of thing, just differences in personality and things they need, and I usually stay on good terms with my exes. I'm not sure I can see myself ever having a long-term partner again (dated him for around 7 years, and the longest I've been with someone since was 1 year).I thought about moving to a new area, but now I'm missing the place I call home, and it was my decision to move us both to California in the first damn place! But in that area especially (and even when I'm not) I always end up revisiting the regrets, that I should have found a way to fix things... But honestly when I look back I don't see how I could have done that. I feel maybe I could now, but he's basically married to this new person now (at least that's how it feels/looks/seems). How to ever detach and be at peace with my decision and where I am now?