I did something badby blueforest » Wed Jun 03, 2015 10:03 pmHello everyone.I've been reading these forums for a while and now I need to write something.I have not been diagnosed with BPD yet, but my psychiatrist and me are pretty sure I have the disorder, and I'm about to start therapy. After some time, he said, he will probably set the diagnosis (there are specific rules in my country before setting these kinds of diagnosis').The thing is, I have done some bad things in my life, that I view bad, and I'm ashamed of, but really it's the normal kind of bad (bullied a kid at school, treated my girlfriend wrong, feeling bad about everything).But this time it's serious. I have hurt another human being and I'm facing police charges and probably some time in jail. I don't know how to live with myself anymore.You can skip to the bottom now if you don't want to read everythingI can go on and on about why I did what I did, it felt right in the moment. I'm very impulsive sometimes, and at this occasion I was very drunk too. I hurt my friend.In the first days after the event I felt bad, but then I didn't care. I was drunk and acted poorly, maybe the worst behavior I ever had (except something bad I did when I was 10 years old). But I used it to become a better person. I had to accept what happened and then work with it. And it changed me for the better. I didn't think it was that serious until some months later I got a phone call from the police.I was shocked. After hearing about the charges I ran into the forrest to think, I called my psychiatrist and set up a session right away. At his office I went through what happened and he normalized me for a little bit. Two days later I was interrogated by the police. I realized the other people involved sees the situation pretty differently from what I do, but the charges I'm faced with are not true. I behaved badly, but not I did't behave that bad. The truth is, I did something wrong, but now I'm under a lot of pressure since I'm charged with something I did not do. This does not improve my situation. If I was faced with the charges I deserve, I would confess right away. I have an ocean of guilt inside me and I try to be responsible for what I do wrong. Now, I want to commit suicide. I want to die. The bad feelings I used to have has transformed into something dark. Very dark. That night I also saw a darkness in me, that I knew existed but had never seen out in the open before. I'm usually not a bad person (at least I try not to hurt anyone), I can be angry and irritable and say bad $#%^, but some people love me very much because I am who I am (at least they say they do, you know how borderline works).This time I did something horrible. I can't go into details, but it's the kind of thing that bad people do.I feel so down. The guilt I carry now is so heavy that I just want to be alone. I can't look anyone in the eyes, and I just want to sit by myself and listen to music. I have told the people closest to me about this and they understand. They are disappointed, but they can see that little child inside who's drowned in sorrow. They know how sorry I am, and I think they still love me as much as they used to. At least they try to express it but I don't fall for the act. A part of them hates me now. They can see the darkness too.How can I deal with this kind of situation, and become better?I have made a promise for myself that I will never be drunk again. I love wine, and I find it very therapeutic with one or two glasses and a good conversation, but I have a strict schedule on myself now and I'm firm not to be that kind of drunk again. I will never, ever, hurt anyone again, not like that. That was the worst I have ever been and I'll have to endure the consequences, and I'll do it gladly.But I don't want this to ruin my life completely. I want to be happy again.How can I deal with this? How do you deal with the deepest and darkest kind of shame and guilt?