ÊI've got a bone to pick.. P: [intro]Hello everyone! Just joined the site today but you'd be surprised how hard it was to find..ÊRegardless,Êmy name is Shannon and I am 19 years old. I'm currently undergoing some treatment for BPD.ÊI'm not usually an optimistic person but just knowing now what the problem is makes me a little more hopeful! c:It feels good to put a name on it after all these frustrating years.. I'm pretty sure this is what I have been suffering with since I was at least 14 if not younger. I don't know if 14 is a little young but I have a feeling that this started during my first year of highschool.. I had been told I had depression, anxiety, and a whole slew of others.. It was good to finally just have one name for it.For the past few months I have been searching like crazy for more support as I lack a lot of it. Having an old fashioned family who have always been about "toughen up!" , they weren't exactly behind me on my assessment. For the past few months I started searching online for support forums(such as this!) but it wasn't exactly easy to find..ÊAs I said: "You'd be surprised how hard it was to find."ÊIt seems that all I find are various forums to support those who have to, for lack of better word, deal with a loved one who has BPD.. I by no means think that BPD is easy to deal with especially if it's not you directly who has it!I think it's geat to have a forum to help those who are suffering with a loved one who has BPD, I thought it would better education those who do not know alot about BPD and have strategies and advice to better deal with situations for both ends... Looking into it more I saw that most of these forums were basically filled up with complaints from people complaining about there loved ones/ ex loved ones with BPD...Reading things along the lines of "Run while you still can" as a reply to a thread asking how could someone date someone with BPD. Many people describing and generalizing people with BPD to be manipulative, evil.. Basically just "terrible people" to simply put it..Being a person with little to no self esteem made it really hard to read those comments and such.. Even watching videos containing information about BPD I always get sucked into reading the comments and seeing a lot of them similar to stuff said in the forums.. Some days I feel like a monster because I feel like that's how everyone seems to look at people with BPD. I already avoid getting close to people because of my many struggles and fears.. but now I fear that I will cause destruction..ÊHas anyone else noticed this in the other forums or have looked around and run into similar stuff else where when looking for support..? :/ I don't understand why all of these people who have had problems with people who have BPD just complain and generalize BPD overall. I feel like everyone deserves to be loved but I read a lot of peoples comments that think people with BPD cannot be/ or cannot give love.ÊI honestly felt so alone until today when I came out to a close friend about having BPD and being unable to find proper support online. It was really scary but he took it really well and found this site here!I am actually so happy and thankful to have found this site and I hope to learn more about BPD and make good use of it I need advice. c:I look forward to coming here more!