ÊJealousyHi everyone,I am new to this forum and has been lurking around since yesterday.ÊI am not officially diagnosed with BPD but I have been told by psychiatrists that I had the traits. Not surprising to me, really...Well, I have severe jealousy issue with my bf's ex-gf. Coincidentally she has BPD and had done severe damages to him and we (me and my bf) suspect that he develops PTSD from it.My bf is still in touch with her, through emails and text chatting, like for once a month. According to him, this gives him assurance that she hasn't killed herself and calms him down because she used to threaten him with suicide so often. He had to witness the graphic details of her self-harm behavior too. If he doesn't keep in contact with her this way, he will keep having flashbacks about the horrible things she did. These are all according to him. I trust him... but you know, having BPD or BPD traits, when triggered, trust no longer exists.I am fine with my bf having female friends or even watching porn but I have this ridiculous jealousy regarding his ex - she's intelligent, talented (artist and musician), successful and most importantly, had a deep connection and interests between them, which I don't have with my boyfriend. I know quite a lot about their history. And I know way too much for someone with intense jealousy issue.It gets to the point that I accused him of still being in love with her, which he said was a fiction I made up in my head. I start to self-harm because I feel so threatened and annihilated and really, almost carried out my suicide plan. I know he really wants to talk about his trauma from his ex with me (because I'm his best friend too) but I just cannot no matter how much I want to help him. I get triggered so badly from it. And the guilt of not being able to help him and forcing him to cut all contacts with this ex drives me insane. I'm a bad person.ÊSo, how do you folks handle your jealousy issues (if you have one)? I'd like to know I'm not insane as a person and it's really my illness that's making our lives hell.