 Supermarket StropJust got home after going berserk in Tesco... I swear to God that a particular security guard in this specific store has long had a hard-on that I'm a thief; he either follows me around in that way which is supposed to be subtle yet obvious, or if he's feeling lazy he just eyeballs me. Funnily enough, before what happened I was considering grinning at him on my way out whilst waving my receipt.Anyway, as I'm on my way out the security buzzer goes off, and guess what - he's on me in a fu*king heartbeat. Another guy was leaving the store at the same time, buthe gets let go straightaway! So I open my bag, pull stuff out of it, and hand it to the store worker who's also rocked up by this point so they can see what, if anything, has set their alarm off. And they just look at me, dumbfounded, as though I've just pulled the fu*king Holy Grail out of my backpack or something.This is the point where I get angry... I shout at the store worker that I can't prove whether or not it was me who set the security off if they don't try to put my bag and it's contents past the alarm system again, and then when I try to do that myself the security guard grabs my arm. Not a helpful move... I yelled at him to get his hands off of me, and then accused him several times of having been looking forward to getting the opportunity to pull me aside as he's always eyeballing me when I'm in the shop (it genuinely makes me feel uncomfortable).He asked what was in my pockets and what I'd bought, so I gave him my three chocolate bars and their receipt... oddly, he then just completely gave up and changed his attitude, trying to apologise and explain to me. I wasn't interested. He attempted a handshake, but I gave no response either verbally or in a tactile manner, so he let me go and I walked straight out of the door saying I'm never going in that shop again.Guess what? I didn't set off the scanner.I'm not entirely sure why I lost my sh*t and started shouting... I think the way it was all done at the store entrance where loads of people could see didn't help, but I'm pretty sure the main factor was feeling like this security guard had been waiting for such an opportunity for months. There's definitely something about feeling as though I'm being judged purely on how I look (because that's the only way in which this gentleman had ever previously been able to evaluate me) which presses all my wrong buttons... too many flashbacks to how I'm not good enough to be a boyfriend because of my outer aspect, and the times people have expressed surprise at how intelligent I (apparently) am given that I 'don't look' as though I could be clever (what the fu*k does that even mean?!).So now I guess ugly people look like thieves as well. Oh no, silly me... looks don't matter, do they? At all! In anycontext! That's just my condition giving me 'false perspectives', isn't it? Like fu*k it is... stunning how professionals think they can brainwash me with happy-clappy bullsh*t that any fu*ktard knows is complete nonsense.I wish I could convince 'Them' to give me false teeth and a facelift...