ÊBorderline Personality Disorder/Emotionally unstable personality disorderGreetings! This is my first time posting here, and while I am doing it I am overrun with emotions. I would like to first apologies for my incoherence and my long post.I would like to start with kinda introducing myself. I am a European White Male at the age of 22(soon to be 23). My occupation at the moment is full time working student who is taking a gap year from university. And here is where my problems begin. Being a student abroad was the worst thing that happened to me. When I went back home to my country of origin last winter I decided to go and see a specialist because after my last relationship I couldn't bare the pain and spend my whole summer locked between four walls all alone. No people to talk to, no motivation to go out and enjoy the beautiful weather. The reason I went to study abroad was because of my true love.( a girl which I would like to call K.) (keep in mind that these two relationships are with different people). Nevertheless, back to the topic I went to see a specialist and after several discussions with him I was diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder. At first I didn't know what that even means. He explained it to me briefly. A few days after that I was having my flight back to my place of study, but he advised me to see medical attention as soon as I go back. When I went back home after that session I didn't know what to think, so I decided to read on the internet on what it actually means to have BPD. I was astonished by how accurately everything described me. I've been feeling like this my whole life and I've been experiencing the same emotional mood swings. Everything just fit me to a T. The first one I told was my flatmate who even confirmed that everything describes me so perfectly.I've always had trouble letting go people and a lot of time I would just feel empty. As if like my whole being was just a shell and everything which is happening around me isn't real. Even at this very moment I feel like I am alone in this world. I am surrounded by so many people everyday and yet I would just put a smile and say " I am great! Thank you for asking!" This emptiness, this hole where my heart should be, I feel like it's getting bigger and bigger everyday. And since my flatmate( who was my only close person, the one I would just feel comfort when he is around me) found a girlfriend and started spending almost all of his time with her. We barely even speak these days. I am really happy for him, because he deserves it. He knows how much he means to me. However, since we can't see each other any more I feel not only empty, but lonely and lost. I feel like I am a child forced to live in an adult world. I've been through so many life hardships (my father was abusing me and my mother when I was a child, his parents would fight with knives in front of me, my grandma and grandpa who took us in after the divorce hit bankruptcy when the Financial Crisis hit, and now I have to take care for my mother who had a heavy cancer surgery recently. I can only help her financially since we are so far apart) Yet, even through all the hardships I went through I didn't feel bad about them. They were forcing me to go forward.ÊThis emotionless body of mine was put through a lot of self-harm. I've stopped eating and sleeping properly. I am a smoker and many times I would prefer having a cig instead of grabbing a snack. There are days where I go without eating even. I just live on cigarettes and energy drinks. As for my sleep, at first I started forcefully keeping myself awake for days, and then I would go to bed just for a couple of hours. However in the last year, my body feels so tired that I would sleep for 12-13 hours a day and when I wake up I just don't see a reason to go out of bed. It's like the void inside me is sucking everything and no matter how many hobbies I try to find they can't fill it up. There were even times where I would just start self harming.I just can't picture myself. I can't create a solid image of me inside of my head. It feels like I don't know what I am doing with my life. Lost is how I can best name it. All of my relationships have ended in a really agonizing for me way. I would stay in my room for weeks and contemplate about what I could have done better and I just think that everything was my fault. That everything that went bad happened because of me.A lot of times I act recklessly and don't think of the consequences. Most of the time would be reckless spending and I would find myself with no money just 10 days after my payday. Even when I am at work, there are times when I would burst into an argument for small things. This happens with my friends as well. I would just burst and this anger will hope right out of me for no reason. Even I can't explain it.I've started abusing illegal substances for an year now. I've been smoking pot in huge quantities a day. It helps me just shut my brain and emotions. At least for a little while. It's not like I don't enjoy it. I do, sometimes, but most of the times I do it just because I feel like I need to.It's been several months since I got diagnosed. In the beginning I was feeling okay. All of the symptoms went away after I found about my disorder. However in the last month I feel like total crap. I can barely get out of bed. Two weeks ago, was the first time I started thinking that the best thing to would be just to disappear from the face of the world. This way the pain and emptiness will go away and I would never have to feel them again. This is when I called to book an appointment with my doctor. It's for next week. Nevertheless, I think that he wouldn't be able to help. To be honest, I don't think that there would ever be a day that someone can help me. My friends joke about me being insane and that this is just depression and I should man-up and snap out of it. My flatmate agrees with them. He thinks I should try and do things instead of just sitting there and saying how bad I feel. They just don't get it that I am trying but I still feel empty deep inside. No matter how much I try to, the feeling is just staying there, like it's my being.I've never felt this alone and empty. The pain inside is just too much for me to handle. I've started crying tonight for the first time in years and I just can't stop. This is what makes me write this long post. I would like to know if there are other people going through the same and what helps them. I don't want to be like this anymore. I want to be happy! I feel miserable. What is the point in living????? HELP ME PLEASE, I AM BEGGING YOU! NO ONE AROUND ME UNDERSTANDS HOW I FEEL. I JUST WANT TO LIVE A NORMAL LIFE, NOT ONE FILLED WITH EMPTINESS AND LONELINESS!!!!