Êleaving a marriage because of BPDHi.. I'm just new here. And new to marriage as well. Been married for just over a month and i feel like i want out. I am almost positive that I have BpD. My husband is very patient, but recently I just discovered that he too is also going through depression: His first wife cheated on him and is using his son to get more money from him and spends it on her new family and other kids. he lost his job for 9 years. And he's got me for a wife. We're living in different countries, and while on skype having a heated argument once he tried overdosing on pills. While im watching!!! My panic attacks were so bad i woke my sister up with my screaming and I wanted to die but i am not suicidal even if I am borderline. i asked him to call an ambulance and they didnt even pumped him or gave meds. Still... i was really horribly shaken up by seeing my husband try to commit suicide. Worst part is i dont know if he really did swallowed them. I blame myself for pushing him to do these things since he is actually an easy going nice guy and fun to be around with. My mood swings are hard to control, and I hate that his family and friends see me as the reason why he is not around them too much anymore because he was always there for them helping out with his nephew and niece or driving for his mom or helping a friend move out when he was single. But i never told him to stop hanging out or spending time with them. This is all his choice. now im bound to join him and move to another country and will live in the house he rents with his sister and her husband and kids and his mom lives near them and she doesnt even talk to me and i feel really scared to go there. I am currently trying to help myself go through bpd by reading bpd books, going through a workbook for bpd, writing, taking anger management and healing affirmation online course but i know moving to a differnt country, facing his friends and family, and my own husband who lashes out at me too sometimes his words are worse than mine i really dont know what to do. I love my husband.. But i dont know if id be able to heal myself better by changing my situation drastically, moving to a different country, living with his family... Please help me im really at lost. I want to change, but what if im not the only one who needs to change and if we both have to im afraid im not capable to be there for him 100% because I am also in need of support and understanding.