 Scary book suposedly written by someone with BPDPossibly very triggering - there's a trigger warning on the ebook itself. I can link but don't want to trigger anyone else. Just came across this ridiculous book, part of a series on BPD supposedly written by someone who had BPD. And it's aimed at family/friends of the person with BPD! This particular book is about punishment and revenge. I mean, wtf?! They're not even symptoms of BPD, just symptoms of a caricature! It makes me realy angry (and frightened) that someone who treated people crappily assumes that applies to everyone else, and then you get (formal) reviews like: Nononooooooooo!!!!! This is not a central aspect of BPD, you moron! (With a PhD!) What it is, is a convenient way for others to label us as bad people, invalidate and gaslight us, and treat us in a way that they would not find acceptable themselves. I'll agree the writer probably has a "unique voice", but that's precisely who it should not be generalised to other people! Should there be two types of BPD? One that is the vindictive type (are they real? I've never met someone like that who actually meets BPD criteria, or who feels awful enough to seek psych help), the other would be the ... um... compassionate (?) type. Who has been very hurt in life, is probably a 'people-pleaser', and is concerned about people leaving, not getting revenge on them. This seems to be a radically important distinction, why is it not made? Why are people being blamed for the sins of another - isn't that a bit like racism? (Eg. hating all Muslims cos some did something awful.) There are so many as yet un-named 'isms' in psychiatry!! In the blurb bit of the book it says: and Those last two get to me, they just seem so wrong. Lay down the struggle for power! Submit! Lose yourself, complying is more important that that silly urge to feel 'right'! I mean, if I think I'm wrong about something, I'll change my mind, and thus no longer be wrong. Of course it's important to feel right! Otherwise you'd have contant internal conflict (uh, the conscience she writes about developing in the book) and be depresed and unhappy from living in a way you felt was wrong. I get the idea of people struggling to admitthey're wrong, but this sounds much more like they're just being expected to submit to others' views even if it still feels very wrong to them. You know, that message most of us got terrifyingly loud and clear earlier in our lives, and which messed us up. I just find it so weird and upsetting/confusing that all the stuff officially for BPD (like DBT, or how professionals view us) seems to be the complete opposite of what helps or is healthy. I've always tried my utmost to be a kind, considerate human being; I try to do the 'right' thing even when it is not the easiest thing or what I want to do. The problem has come in because, in short, the rest of the world does not have the same moral standards! So I've been taken advantage of, of worn myself out/felt inadequate, and growing up I 'learnt' that I wasn't worth as much as others because I was trying so hard to be a good person but others could hurt me and that was somehow my fault, or didn't matter/I didn't come under the same social code as others. So actually being more 'selfish', which involves knowing what I want rather than automtically going along with others expectations, is actually important, and helps. Yet the professionals seem to have no clue, why is this?! And then they can just say you're obviously evil and insane as you still don't agree with them... Thoughts and reflections on all are very welcome... this is more of a discussion than need for help... it's nice knowing I'm not the only one who feels this way. ETA - One of the BPD symptoms I've never really 'got' is the unstable sense of self. I've had an unclear sense of self, perhaps, obscured by trying to please and fit in with others. But the main, overwhelming feeling I get is that I know exactly who I am and what I think but haven't been allowed to be me. I've tried to submit, to agree, to fit in, and that is why I lost myself. Yet again, professionals would keep enouraging this! I think I might write a blog post about professionals inducing BPD symptoms!