ÊCan you have an alter ego with BPD?I'm just getting diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder for the first time and I can't seem to find any information online about the condition which doesn't involve stigma of some sort.I have self harmed in the past and I do have suicidal thoughts from time to time (which I haven't attempted or carried out) but I do not suffer from bouts of anger, more 'natural' irritation than anything else: e.g - standing in a bus queue and someone deliberately keeps bumping into you to make you move faster, eventually anybody is going to lose their patience and point out the other person's behaviour.I agree with my psychiatrist that I meet a lot of the other symptoms. I do have an intense fear of abandonment, I may go out and buy something expensive like a video game out of my budget just so that I don't feel left out, I will try and spend too much time with my friends for fears they dislike me, but I do not know what IS me because my moods are all over the place. I was neglected in terms of being able to express 'normal' emotions growing up, I was taught that these emotions would get me abandoned and taken to a doctor and I had to fend for myself when I was bullied from age 6 to 19.I have also only ever had one job as a photographer, it lasted two months, I've used up all my education funding because I could not decide between my photography and marine/zoology biology career paths, again this was because I was told what I had to be growing up, that photography wasn't a real job. I didn't want to be a vet, so I met common ground by going off to study conservation biology, but I chose this path because a few friends were interested in this path at the time.Somewhere along the line where I was getting bullied in my teens I developed an 'alter ego' who still comes out to this day if I am feeling threatened or defenceless. It also comes out during short angry outbursts. My alter ego has a deep sense of emptiness and everything feels depressive when I am in my alter ego state, sometimes I forget being my alter ego, but it can become angry, aggressive and defensive, things which divert from my normal self. When I am my alter ego I feel nothing, no happiness, no sadness, no pain... It all seems monotone and flat, sometimes my alter ego will engage in reckless acts like friends with benefits, fairground rides just to feel something.Is having a separate personality/dissociating into a different personality normal for someone with BPD?