ÊHow to get professional support when you don't have BPD but they think you do?... or you DO have BPD but presenting symptoms are not the classic ones so DBT is useless.ÊI feel overwhelmed, confused and tearful often. Kind of do all the time to some extent, it's worst/completely overwhelming when I wake up, I wander round the flat crying, pulling at myself and semi-involuntarily muttering things about "they dont understand" or "it's very bad" in a childlike voice. I feel utterly lost and alone, like I'm silently screaming but know there's no point cos no-one will come.ÊThings gradually get better throughout the day and I can seem 'normal' by evening.ÊHowever, recently more of the overwhelmed/confused/tearful stuff has been happening. I feel just so overwhelmed trying to keep going, every day everything I do is a drag, I'm constantly pushing myself, trying to keep a smile on and do things. And this is already at a really low level of functioning (i'm not employed, for example, and often don't go far from my flat). Yet I am feeling more overwhelmed and keep getting this foggy brain thing, where it's like my brain just shuts down and I can't interact with people, make basic decisions, or anything. Like my brain is only doing heartbeat/breathing and everything else is switched off. At these times I just break down and weep, and cannot control it at all or even really be 'present' somehow.ÊI'm struggling to do the most basic things because I am turning into a nervous wreck this way. And the CMHT have just discharged me cos they insist I have BPD (though they won't officially dignose it!) and so to them I am not trying and disagreeable cos I dont want to learn DBT skills (cos the things they help with are not the problem I have!). They just seem to blame me, leaving me more confused, overwhelmed and depressed. Honestly, if I had a diagnosis of depresson this'd be seen as serious neglect or something. They won't do home visits for a start. They just don't seem to understand that I try to please others and am exhausted, they just want me to do more of that and not actually help the problem! I see a therapist privately but I am scared she won't see me now they've gone (our contract specifically mentioned calling them; she wants me to have some emergency contact for safety).ÊI am scared and alone and am starting to feel suicide is the only way out. It is so terryfying feeling so incapable, I broke down in public yesterday with the brain fog thing and was so embarassed afterwards (and shaky for hours).