 I'm scared to open up completely.I’m finding myself moving toward a relationship with a long-time friend of mine and I have already messed up things again. I had this nasty habit of up and disappearing for months to years at a time, mainly because of my many fears and insecurities. Before I moved to Hawaii nine months ago, I visited her and we decided to do our best to keep in touch. We have been, and I’ve been deployed to the Persian Gulf since February. I was not having any problems talking to her again, until the discussion of relationships came up. She means a lot to me, and I told her the truth (that I suffer from BPD and I don’t think I’m fit for a relationship) but she told me I wasn’t going to scare her away. She also told me that I better not disappear this time.We took our time to get reacquainted with each other since we realized we didn’t actually know each other very well. She caught on that I was guarding myself and called me out, saying that she wanted me to tell her the absolute truth of what was going on in my head and my heart. I revealed to her my deepest and darkest secrets, including things like childhood abuse my parents aren’t aware of. She didn’t judge me but I can’t shake the feelings of doubt and uncertainty screaming in my head.I’m so terrified of commitment because I’m scared of being left behind. I know why I think that way but it doesn’t stop the fear. She’s been getting upset with my behavior and keeps claiming that I’m not being truthful about how I feel. I’ve tried explaining how insurmountable it feels to open up fully and completely, especially with a LDR, but I don’t feel like she gets it. I know she wants to empathize with me but I can’t explain to her what it’s like to think the way I do.I don’t want to lose her but I feel pressured to knock these walls down. If I don’t act soon, I feel like she is going to walk out and leave me like everyone else. But if I convince her to stay, I’m sure she’ll be driven away from me, given enough time… I just don’t know what to do.