ÊThe reality of this disorder has hit me.I'll never have the relationship i've dreamed of or be accepted in this magical way I've always felt I would be. What would always hold me over was the thought that maybe someday it would all get better. Randomly while walking down the street I realized that I am almost thirty and still dealing with the same emotions and situations I've dealt with since I was a small kid that thought by now things would have "gotten better". I would have the husband ( well, whats different now is I'm pretty much strictly into women. ), the house, the dream job of being a famous actress who was talented and worshipped, the love of my parents, and everyone around me. The usual BPD delusions and what not. Now I'm realizing that it's always going to be this way. I am always going to feel this way. My relationships are always going to be chaotic and I will never know who I am. I feel like I am in mourning. All the dreams I thought would come true will never be.ÊWhen it comes to romantic relationships I am really, really, really bummed about this. So not only am I pretty much overlooked unless its strictly sex, but if I meet someone who is actually ( LOL yeah right ) interested in ME and I tell them I have BPD they will probably look into the disorder and be freaked out. It feels really terrible to know this. It feels really terrible to know that there are support groups for people that deal with people like me. I feel like I am a broken.ÊMy friends tell me that it will get better. I will be happy one day. I am going through a breakup from last year that devastated me more than anything. From then on I have only dealt with people who just wanted sex but didn't like the person I was. I am constantly dealing with emotionally unavailable people. Emotionally healthy people don't even see me. I just feel like I'm suppose to be realistic and accept that I am never going to find love again. All I am is a sex object but the person inside of me is wrong. wrong wrong. no one is interested in that person. It has gotten to the point where no one really even wants to have sex with me anymore. I feel like a dead person walking amongst the living sometimes. I feel invisible. When I'm not invisible I feel like I am being tolerated. I just had this wish for as long as I could remember that one day I would be loved and accepted. That I would really be seen. I used to think I wasn't that bad of a person but history is telling me that maybe I really am. I feel cursed.ÊHi, I'm new.Ê