 Black and white thinking/ventI want to explode. I am tired of people telling me that there is no right or wrong way to write my paper for school. If there wasn't a right or wrong way to do it then there wouldn't be an A or an F. No, I don't care about the B, C, or D possibilities. It is either right or it is wrong! I need it to be right. Wrong means getting in trouble. That is how I truly feel. T and I got into an argument because she pointed out that I'm doing black and white thinking. She pointed out that there are other grades besides the A and F. I know what she is saying is true but it doesn't feel true. I am so frustrated and hate myself. Why can't I be like someone without BPD and see that there is a gray area?! Why do I have to feel like I'm going to get hurt if I'm wrong? I'm an adult, nobody can hurt me, but it still feels like if I'm wrong I will be in trouble. I feel like I'm wasting my time and money being in school and thinking I could be a T. My T said I need to stay in school and that I have time to work on me and recover.... I feel like I'm worse than before and yes maybe it is because I am aware and recognizing things and working through all the abuse memories. They weren't kidding when they said it will get worse before it gets better. I don't feel like I will ever be better. I just want to disappear.Celtic unstableI saw T today, haven't seen her in about three weeks. We discussed something I never wanted to discuss with her, and I have tried so hard not to let things come to this .... she brought up the possibility of hospitalization if I am unable to stabilize myself soon. I do not want to go to the hospital. I have just been so unstable and I just feel so out of control. One minute I am okay, the next minute I am anxious or pissed off.  Today at work, a coworker came up behind me and rubbed my back in a friendly manner (if that makes sense). I'm usually fine at work, but today I nearly went into an anxiety attack. I have been blowing up on my mom over stupid things but it happens so quickly before I realize it and then I feel so bad afterwards because I realize there was no reason for me to blow up at her. I have a sponsor for my SI and to talk to, but I felt so invalidated by her on Sunday night when I called her balling my eyes out. She has never heard me cry before, and she just kept telling me that she really wants me to join this group that is a side group of one that I am already in. I know she wants me to be in this other group and if I could do it right now I would, but with school and work I just can't.... so anyways, I called her Sunday night crying because I was frustrated with my family. I found out my brother and sister have been keeping secrets from me and that appears to have been a major trigger for me, probably because my whole childhood had to be kept a secret. I have just had so much building up and my cup is overflowing. I have slipped into old coping habits twice now in the last week. I also have not been eating much, which my mom has picked up on and I told her that she doesn't know for sure if I am eating or not because she doesn't live with me.... but she is right, I just don't want her to know that. Just struggling, and can't get everything out no matter how I try... but I have to figure something out because I do not want to go to the hospital. Celtic