 I need everyone's help hereOk so I need everyone's help because I. Can't trust a single soul. First of all, u need to get this out the way, I was sexually abused by my older cousin for three years and now he's my best friend (This 13 years later) anyway, I also go verbally and physically abused by father (He has PTSD from the milatry) my mother divorced him because she realised how ****èd up the situation was. Anyway, my question is: am I borderline or do I have anxiety? I have seen two people: a psychologist and a psychiatrist who have conflicting ideas about what is wrong with me????? Psychologist says I'm Borderline and psychiatrist says I'm Anxious and I have a narcissistic mother (She's seen him too) uhm- let me say some things;I have a of toxic friendship and u don't want to end it just in case I need her again and she and her little bro needs me (when they don't have food because she's spent all the money on weed and cider buy food and make them supper)I'm worried and stressed about everything. I don't care about the people. I'm just scared about the world. And I'm always stressed about the shït that's happening. Like wtf is going on with me. I'm scared. I'm drunk right now and I just drunk texted my mum about how much she's a cünt and I regret it now and I wanna hug her but I'm stressed because she used all my money (money my gran sent me) on one of her boyfriends get rich quick schemes which didn't work. What's wrong with me? Am I anxious or borderline? I'm leaning on both. Also did I mention I'm drunk on wine right now?(Btw Shiraz is some good shít. It's so tasty and has a spicy taste but it's like classy and it's nice)My mum told me my sister is HIV positive and she just gave birth to a cute baby son and I get so scared whenever she kisses him and yes they're both on treatment. I love my sister but I hate her for this. She's ruined her life and she's such a good person and I KNOW she's gonna die of it which is unfair. Like I wanna cry and cuddle her but I can't because she doesn't know I know. So I'm fücked.