ÊDBT / I know I am going to piss a few people off with my thoughtsI full expect that I will get some very upsetting or angry resonces to this post, but if you have been through DBT you should be able to KEEP IT IN CHECK as that is supposedly what this program is suppose to do.Is DBT really all a bunch of hogwash? I am currently not in a group but was handed a packet on Distress Tolerance. I read though it and it all sounded like bullcrap, as it is way to illogical for me. Also when your emotions are way out of whack, your going to just be able to turn them off and go sit in a comfy chair at a fancy hotel ect... If I could control my emotions to that point, then I most likely would not have BPD. This Vacation in IMPROVE you must have to be wealthy to be able to do those thing, in this supposable skill set. I don't understand where these people think we can just change are emotions to do this stuff. I also don't understand how this is going to change your emotions. After reading this crap I am very close to taking myself off the waiting list for DBT, but I am way to curious to see what other mumbo jumbo they can through at us and expect it to just work. There is no way that I am going to be thinking about any of this stuff when I am in a argument with someone or just finished an argument and my emotions are through the roof. When I get to that point my emotions have taken over and depending on the outcome which most times is bad I will just dissociate to a safe place. I have been told I am a little baby and sometimes a completely different person who does not know the people around them and don't know why I am here or what day it is. I have had my roommate tell me this a few times now in the last few months, she says it is mostly the baby sleeping on the bed.To come to*a the end, I would like to hear other who have taken the Full DBT programs (Marsha Lineham certificated), not something offered at a community mental health center. Was it good or bad and why? Or was it both?Thank you and for those that DBT has helped sorry for the harsh word about something that helped you.