I Have Borderline Personality DisorderMy Final Ep Story Well everyone, I found what I was looking for. I didn’t even realize I was looking for anything, or that it would take so damn long to find. But I found it. Peace. I’m finally at peace with everything. With myself, my future, my political beliefs, my religious beliefs…everything.Myself: I am MANY different things. I change 10000 times a day, but that’s what makes me “me.” I have a few basic things that make me happy: music, and Tangled. If I could just hang out and listen to music and watch Tangled all day, I’d be so content. Without fail, those two things will ALWAYS make me happy. Nothing that anyone says could ever make me change the way I feel about music and Tangled.That made me realize…why do I care so much about what other people think? I am twenty years old and Tangled is basically my favorite thing in the entire world. But that’s only weird because other people say it’s weird. Or they have, anyway. But my love for Tangled, that’s just who I am. How is that possibly wrong? It’s not. Denying my love for Tangled, THAT would be wrong. It makes me so happy. So that’s fine.Things are wrong because other people say they’re wrong. Like my handwriting when I was learning to write, for example. They told me it was sloppy and that I had to work on it, “they” being teachers. It was bad. It wasn’t what they wanted. I wasted SO MUCH time worrying about my bad handwriting. I tried so hard to write how they wanted me to write, but it looked terrible, even worse than my natural handwriting. Recently I realized, dude, it’s my handwriting. It’s not good, nor is it bad, it’s just mine. And again, how is that possibly wrong? Why does it have to be good or bad? I can’t change it, and I don’t really want to. And the same with my mind. Yes, it works differently than most of the population’s minds. I believe I read in several places that BPD affects 1 in 100 people. One percent. So because our minds work differently than 99% of the population, we’re wrong? **** that. We are who we are. I remember when I read the list of symptoms for BPD, and it was like they were describing my life. They took every aspect of my life, put it in list form, and called it a disorder. They said it’s “wrong.” I believed them.It’s not wrong, the way I think. It’s just different, and I can’t imagine thinking a different way. But it’s different than them, so they say it’s wrong.I understand that things I do hurt people….when I lash out, when I don’t trust them…all of the negative things that go along with BPD, you guys know. But I don’t want to hurt people. The guilt that I feel stays with me, always. I didn’t know another way to be.The only thing that I’ve ever wanted out of life was to get married and have babies. Especially the babies part, I’ve REALLY wanted to be a mom ever since I was 15. But now I realize, I would never be happy in that kind of family. I would never be happy enough with someone to marry him. If I was unable to be myself 100% of the time, I would not be happy. And I’m difficult. No one seems to understand me when I’m being myself, and I’m fine with that. And if a guy was (or wasn’t, for that matter) himself 100% of the time, I’d probably hate him. And I wouldn’t believe that he was being himself anyway. And I am in love with so many people right now. My history professor still, Kurt Cobain (who is dead, sadly), Jess from Gilmore girls (fictional character), an old flame’s roommate, some guy that comes into the grocery store I work at all the time whose name I don’t even know… I do, I love all of them. If I was in a relationship with one guy, I would resent him, because I would feel like he was stopping me from loving all of those other guys. And it’s not like I’m open about it, I love them all from afar in a creepy, stalker way. Lol…kidding. Sort of.And the kids thing. Babies were the only thing that I wanted out of life!! But I realized, I don’t consider myself able to be a good mother. (Quick note, I’m absolutely not saying that people with BPD shouldn’t have children, or would be bad parents. I know that’s not true.) I believe that when a couple brings a baby into this world, that that baby deserves absolutely everything. The baby didn’t ask to be brought into this world. Parents teach kids right from wrong. Or, rather, they teach their kids what they think is right, and what they think is wrong. And the kid has to accept it, because the parent says so. Speaking of which, when a child asks why, I don’t consider “because I said so” an acceptable answer. Same with “because I’m the mom and you’re the kid.” Seriously, what the ****? It’s a kid. They don’t know. That’s why I decided I won’t have kids. When I’m around my nieces, I do the “because I said so” thing. I hate that, I absolutely hate it. My oldest niece, who turns 10 in a week, said that her principal sometimes talks about lasers in her school. Something about the security system… she INSISTED that there were, because her principal said there were, and my brother laughed at her, because obviously there are no lasers. The look on my niece’s face made me want to cry. She didn’t understand why my brother was laughing. She was saying what she thought was true, because someone in charge, someone with power told her it was true. Total ******* bullshit. My parents, mostly my mom, taught me to always be myself and do my best, and that would be good enough. Except for the 8 million or so times that I WAS myself, or I DID my best, and it wasn’t good enough. It was good enough for me, but it wasn’t good enough for other people. Why did they get to be right? They said I wasn’t good enough, and all the sudden I wasn’t. So if I say I’m good enough, does that mean I’m good enough? Because damn it, I am good enough. I smoke weed regularly, does that make me a bad person? If so, how? Weed is my cure-all. Headache, stomachache, hangover, cramps, back pain, boredom, if I can’t sleep, if I can’t wake up, depression, anxiety, anger, mood swings….it cures all of it. My mom doesn’t know it, but she likes me better when I’m high. She says weed is wrong, so it is. But I say it’s right…so it is. It’s right for me. It makes me happy. It doesn’t hurt me, it doesn’t make me hurt anyone. What the hell is wrong with that? Nothing, I say.I believe in God because they told me I’d go to Hell if I didn’t. The Catholic church can be quite threatening, especially when you’re a child and you don’t know any better. Catholicism may be right for some people. If it’s what brings them peace, then fine, great. But it isn’t for me. I believe that if there’s a God up there, that He would accept EVERYONE. They tell you that too—that God accepts everyone, as long as you do what they say. I don’t understand the concept of Heaven either. Who do you see? What if someone wants to see you but you don’t want to see them? What’s your personality like? Are you the same? No one can tell me what happens to people after they die, because they don’t ******* know. They’re not dead.I do believe in nature. Although we humans have tried and tried to conquer nature, nature always wins. From grass coming up through concrete to natural disasters to concrete expanding when it’s hot and condensing when it’s cold, creating cracks in roads….Nature wins, every time. The Earth is a living being, and that’s what I believe in.Politics, everyone lies. Our government is being controlled by the big corporations, because they have the money. SO many propositions to protect the environment, to make the air and water qualities better, to make sure that the food we eat is safe have been shot down by our government, the people who we elected to keep us safe. There’s no ****** reason for it. And the fact that gay marriage is illegal is complete bullshit. They literally made it AGAINST THE LAW for two people who love each other to get married. And it’s against the law to not go to school (elementary school, high school, etc.). The school system is just ******, I think. Tell them what they want to hear, you’re good. Call them out on their bullshit, you’re a bad kid. Stay in your seat, don’t get up until the bell rings like you’re a ******* dog. Don’t speak without raising your hand. Don’t question me, I’m the teacher. Math is more important than music, it doesn’t matter if you will literally never use trigonometry, and even if you did need trig, you could Google it. Ask permission before going to the bathroom. They’re raising us to be a bunch of ******* sheep who blindly and obediently follow whoever’s in charge. That’s exactly what they want, too. They want us to be like that when we grow up, so that we don’t question them because they’re in charge, and they have the power.My major in school is accounting. I realized that I ******* hate accounting. It’s so boring, and if I had to be an accountant for the rest of my life, I’d blow my brains out. I’m only doing accounting because I’m good at math and I know I’d be able to find a job, easily. But I don’t care, I just don’t care. But I care about the environment, so duh, hello, I’m gonna major in environmental science.I’m sick of validating myself by what other people say. If they say what I’m doing is good, suddenly it is, regardless of whether I’m doing my best or just completely faking it. Or, for example, the other day, I wore leggings, my black leather boots (which my grandpa calls “asskickers”), a pink bandana, and an XXL off-yellow ecko unlimited t shirt. I never dress quite that 90’s, and I absolutely loved it. I was so happy dressing like that!!! But I never do, because… why? Because people look at me weird? Because people will think I’m a scrub? Who gives a ****? I know who I am (finally), and I’m okay with it. And I’m even happy. So that should be good enough. Crazily enough, I realized all of this because of an acid trip. It’s not like I’m advocating acid for everyone, this was my third trip and I was with two really good, honest friends. My second trip was TERRIBLE, and my first was excellent. The third was the best though. I don’t hate living anymore. I finally understand and accept that I’m just different, and that to be happy, I need to do what’s right for me, NOT what they say is “normal.” I am totally happy hanging out by myself, smoking weed, listening to music, singing, dancing…. I can’t sing or dance around other people. I can’t even listen to my own music around other people, because I worry that they won’t like it. But I can do it by myself.Peace and independence. And acceptance. I finally have them ? I sincerely, sincerely hope that everyone struggling finds peace, and soon. We are all different, but the same in some ways. I know it’s hard to see sometimes, but we are all beautiful, because we are ourselves. <3