I Have Borderline Personality DisorderThis is my first time posting on EP, so bear with me. Also, keep in mind that doctors and therapists are not 100% of my BPD diagnosis-- I also have dissociation, ADHD, and panics. If you mix those with my depression, anger, riskiness, and self-injury, it appears to be Borderline.ÊAs early as age 5, I would have dissociations. It felt like the world wasn't real, or like I was watching myself from outside my body. ADHD systems showed up more commonly than dissociation. My excessive talking, squirming, and distractibility often got me punished. At about age 7, I cut myself once, but it did not become habit. A couple years later, severe anxiety set in, and I lived in terror. My parents were anti-psych and told me that the cure was to become a christian and "be good".ÊNext came the beginnings of depression and increasing anger. I got into a few physical fights, impulsively tried to pick more fights, and I hit and broke inanimate objects. The rage began to scare me on my 15th birthday, when I roared to the top of my lungs and threw a flashlight at my sister...over a tiny disagreement. I've always been prone to melancholy feelings, and I spent the months of summer 2006-2008 in a mix of rage and depression. However, things got better when I made more friends, took pride in my good grades, and finally started college. Rage, sadness, and impulsiveness were still with me, but I managed them.ÊUntil my first major breakup. I drank crazily (and illegally) and started cutting myself. It's been a little over 3 years now and I can't go longer than about month without cutting. After "getting over" the boyfriend, I expected to feel better, but the depression grew worse for no reason. Here began my entry into therapy and my suicidal ideation. As the pressures of college went on, I also had panic attacks. My first hospitalization, one year later, occurred after an intense derealization/depersonalization experience. From then on, no matter what meds I tried or which docs I saw, things went pretty steadily downhill.I put myself in dangerous sexual situations, I stole pills, and I started to skip classes, living in severe depression interspersed with anger and panic. My sense of identity crumbled as dissociation episodes worsened. Many friends left me because of my atheism, fueling my clinginess and obsession over whoever remained. Somehow I graduated. But with motivation completely gone, trying to hold down jobs nearly killed me.ÊI've been hospitalized 4 times for psych reasons; the most recent time, it was because I made my first actual suicide attempt. If a friend hadn't come by, I would have bled out in minutes, what with my arm cut almost to the bone. That was 4 months ago. I've lost even more things since then... my independence, my will to live, my best friend Hannah. Anhedonia torments me along with frequent physical sickness. I continue to live, though, practicing DBT with a therapist and a group.ÊThis has been my experience with Borderline Personality Disorder so far. To anyone who might read this, I won't give you false assurances that "everything will turn out" and "you'll get better". But I will say this: even if life never improves and the agony never leaves, you still have value and strength. In fact you're a hell of a lot tougher than people who don't have to deal with mental illness. Be the struggling warrior, who lives in pain but does not accept defeat. He gets knocked down all the time, but somehow manages to stand and try again. That is who you are. Be proud of your role.Ê