I Have Borderline Personality DisorderDo you ever just read a book about whatever you have and feel that much more upset thinking "That's really great. I am literally everything this thing is talking about from what's happened in the past to how I'm doing things now. I'm a living poster-child for this." You don't feel special, you don't feel happy that you aren't alone. You feel like it's pathetic that it's so obvious. I don't necessarily know what exactly it is that angers me or how to really describe why fitting things to a T (or whatever) is an issue. All I know is that it simply is not comforting in this sense. You don't feel like you're doing better, you feel that if this many people have been through these same issues before then why is it still occurring? Not that that idea makes any sense considering we weren't exactly taught these things throughout life nor does life cater to what we want to happen or dream of.ÊLife is such a pain some days. I have to say some days in here even though I'm thinking it always sucks simply because I know my current depressed and hopeless state of mind will eventually switch into a not so bleak mindset and I will not be happy that I used an "extreme" term...ÊIn any case, the darkness in my mind decided to creep up today after trying to plan and do too many things at once. I freaked myself out, had a nice little panic attack, let all the judgmental thoughts in, criticized myself into feeling like I'm garbage again, started thinking how good it would feel to grab something sharp, paced around the apartment and outside trying to talk myself out of self-harming and figure out how in hell's name to ignore the craving of self-harm in any form (meaning I can't even punch a wall) and then just after a million moments of anxiety tics and trying to get the energy out somehow, I laid on the ground and cried and criticized myself more. Yay.ÊIt's all just exhausting. What sucks worse is knowing I won't feel this way in a few hours and thinking I just wasted some hours doing nothing but feeding some negative energy and not contributing to anything at all. All I did was **** myself off and tire myself out so much so that I called in to work (which I absolutely never do because I view calling-in as a weakness because my ideology revolves around sucking it up in life) because I just refuse to deal with everyone's bitching about eachother and listening to people's voices is even agitating on a good day... In order to not snap at people left and right I figured a mental health day was a good idea... Even if it's stressing me out even more.ÊIt's all such a joke, isn't it? You're tired of feeling tired. You hate people and you love them. You are everything and you are nothing. It's a horrible and great feeling this being a paradox lifestyle... You feel you understand things only to feel you don't understand anything at all. It just doesn't comply with anything to feel both sides of the coin and yet not have them reconciled to become one whole. You're still feeling a side of the coin. You can feel both sides at the same time even and yet they aren't working together to become something constructive. The two halves don't seem to connect to you. You know they do somehow but you can't seem to grasp that part. It's so close and yet it feels like it's non-existent- like running your hand through the air. You know it's there, you feel it's there, but it still escapes your grasp.ÊI feel I'm losing control of keeping myself under control. I've spent years upon years forming myself to be able to deal with these millions of situations I find myself uncomfortable with and lately I've been under so much stress the walls are beginning to come down and I find that the cracks are quickly getting larger in the mask I wear around others. These are big problems for someone who has the tendency to hide their true selves from the world. I need that mask. I need that act to keep me going in a world I do not mesh well with nor really want to. The thing is, in order to succeed I know I have to play nicely with others of whom I have no care for. I have to listen to people who do not deserve respect. I have to be around my own species and that is simply not a pleasant experience for me.ÊI've tried to play the social butterfly but I found I couldn't understand how to interact with others or even what to talk about because those topics weren't interesting to me. So, I decided to be me whether that be accepted or ostracized- I am clearly a misanthrope. However, I need the mask of my friendly, jovial self as I've learned most people will think that appropriate and pleasant and my usual self thinks mainly thoughts of how to get away from people and social situations. I like solitude. I like space. I like quiet. However, I also crave like-minded humans and touch and support. As I said, I am both and neither. I am evil, I am good. I am hate, I am love. I am ambivalence in the purest form.