I Have Borderline Personality DisorderIn the past month, a lot has happened. I'll warn you in advance that this is a long post, but I think it might help some of you to feel less alone. I hope it does.ÊSo. I dated a guy named Shawn for about 5 months last year. One day, he told me he had been talking about our relationship problems with his female friend. This shattered my whole perception of who I thought he was/ who I wanted him to be in the relationship. I felt my world falling apart in that moment. My heart was racing, my body temperature was rising.. I was sobbing.. Desperately trying to get him to tell me he was joking. To a healthy person, the fact that he talked about our relationship to a female friend is no big deal. Nothing more than irritating. But I felt that he was showing a new side of himself. The side that is desperately seeking the sympathy of another female, who now had the satisfaction of seeing our relationship as weak, which she could use to her advantage.. To get him to cheat on me. In a state of panic, I took a whole bottle of Ativan, in front of him, and waited to die. He tried to get me to spit them out. He was panicking, crying, desperate... And at this point I was calm, emotionless, and tired. I knew I was going to die. My doctor told me it was extremely dangerous to take more than 2 of the pills at once. I felt comforted knowing I wouldn't have to deal with the pain anymore. Shawn called an ambulance and I went to the hospital overnight.ÊAbout a month later, our relationship wasn't getting any better. My anxiety and panic attacks were getting more and more difficult for him to deal with. He was stressed, and watching me suffer was killing him. One day, he was picking me up from my house, and I got to his car thinking everything was ok. The door was locked. I didn't think anything of it and knocked on the window to tell him to let me in. He wouldn't unlock the door.ÊI went to his window and he rolled it down. He told me he couldn't be with me anymore. I have never in my life felt more broken than in that moment. I broke down.. Frantically begging him to let me in his car.. To talk to me.. To explain himself and give me a chance to change his mind. He let me in.. But he wouldn't change his mind. I was dying inside. I told him I was going to kill myself because I couldn't take the pain. My sister and her bf Doug came out and I eventually left his car and Doug stopped me from overdosing when I got inside.ÊI went to the hospital, and there was no psychiatrists working there, which they didn't tell me until after I waited there all night. A doctor proceeded to tell me that I was being overdramatic and trying to manipulate my bf into getting back together with me. Which couldn't have been further from the truth. I was so tired of living a life where my heart always gets shattered. I couldn't deal with the intensity of my emotions anymore. I just wanted to escape this life.ÊThe next day I went to a psychiatric institution where they welcomed me with open arms. I stayed there for 3 weeks.ÊAfter 5 months of being broken up, Shawn and I decided life without eachother is too miserable. We got back together a month ago. My bpd has been getting worse. I have overdosed once, and threatened suicide while needing to be restrained at least 3 times.ÊLast night, I raged out at him and tried to punch him in the face. It was impulsive, I didn't have a thought process or make the decision to do it, I just did it. Before I could stop myself. He tried to leave me, and I cried and begged him to stay. This was in a park in front of tons of people. I was in a state of panic so I didn't care who heard me. I was holding on to his back pack so he couldn't walk away. I felt so desperate and broken and angry with myself. I know violence isn't ok. I felt horrible.. He's such an amazing boyfriend. He has such a big heart... He's as close to perfect as perfect gets. And this is how I repay him.. I hated myself. He said we could go to the store to get a cigar and when we got to his car I wanted to climb through the drivers side because I thought he was going to lock me out again. I was panicking and sobbing and acting psychotic. He didn't lock me out. We went to the store and on the way I started tearing my skin apart on my wrist with my nails. I was so incredibly angry with myself I couldn't deal with it. I opened his car door and almost jumped out but he pulled over and stopped the car. I felt like I ruined our relationship by being violent and by acting psychotic and trying to hurt myself. And the more I thought about how I stress him out and make him worry, the more angry with myself I became. I was in a lose lose situation and no one could help me. I was hyperventilating and screaming and crying and just losing it. I had no control over my emotions or my actions anymore. He bought beer because he needed to relax. We got back to my house and I was panicking because I wanted to sort out our fight and be ok again, but I knew we wouldn't be able to if he was drunk. I tried to grab my pills again and he had to restrain me. He went and got my dad and told him that I was going for the pills again. I tried to run out of my house but they blocked the door because they thought I was going to go hurt myself. I screamed "**** OFF" at them over and over again at the top of my lungs. My dad told Shawn they need to just let me go. I ran outside in the night with bare feet. I ran and ran and ran as if my life depended on it. I was sobbing and coughing and I had no idea where I was going or why I was running. I just needed to get away. I needed someone in this world to stop and ask if I was ok. I needed a miracle and I wasn't going to stop running until I found one. Of course, no one stopped. No one was about to ask the psychotic sobbing girl with bare feet in the middle of the night what was wrong. To them I probably looked like I had just witnessed a loved one get murdered, or murdered someone myself. I was going insane. I was so lonely and desperate and unhappy and I felt hopeless. I got lost. Eventually I decided to go home. When I got there, my dad was sleeping and Shawn was sleeping in my bed. He didn't leave. Everything was going to be ok. I washed my feet, which miraculously aren't cut up or blistered, and went to bed.ÊTonight Shawn is coming over and I'm hoping we can talk and sort everything out. I am emotionally exhausted.