Plenty to Live For, But Nothing At AllI've spent over half my life in therapy. Tens of thousands of dollars on therapists, medications, treatments, doctors. I'm not even 30. I'm exhausted from it all. I've never been happy. I worry all of the time. I don't even know if I believe in happiness. I believe in contentment. But I just haven't experienced happiness. I've had some pretty bad things happen and I worked through a lot in therapy. I definitely know I haven't had it as bad as some even if the people around me have been fortunate to have not gone through the same things I have (and I am thankful for that- I don't want anyone to hurt). The problem is my mother. I don't have words to describe her so I guess I will settle for who she was to me. She was my self esteem. I don't think I ever believed in myself but she thought I could do anything and so I did. She was my favorite person in the whole world and my absolute best friend. She died three years ago. When she got sick, I was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease and the last three years have been painful. My brain and memory is severely affected. I am not as quick. I do what I can (eating right, exercise, trying to avoid stress) to minimize painful flare ups but they still occur. It is miserable now. I can't fathom what I will do as this gets worse over the next 10, 20, 30 years. I mean, it is debilitating. I don't want to hurt anyone and make them sad but I just want to go be with mymom. I don't know about the afterlife, I'm not religious (and not about to start a debate per the guidelines), but sometimes I think if I die and there is a 50% chance (or even a 10% chance) I will see her again.... it would be worth it. I just was not prepared or ever ready to live life without her and I just don't seem to be very good at it. I want the people I love to be alright and I don't want to make everyone sad. I know I have a lot going for me. But I'm exhausting to keep fighting. I miss my mom. I miss my brain pre-illness. I just want to find some peace and let go of the constant worry and constant degrading of myself that I do on a daily basis. I don't know what to do that I haven't tried.