I need someone to tell me what to doFirstly, I want to apologise for my anonymity here at the forum, for posting something so personal so soon after joining, and for any triggers that may appear throughout my post. Moderators, please, if I’ve misunderstood and posted this in the wrong place, please hide my message and write me to tell me where it should go. I need some support, but I don’t know what kind. A number of websites have advised posting anonymously on forums in bad times, and this is what I’m resorting to. I’m certainly in no place to talk to another person on the phone, and it’s fairly late in the UK at the moment. I’ll try to keep the background short. I've developed depression after a mental breakdown five months ago. I’ve sought support from my doctor, the university support services, my family etc. I persevered with my university studies in the year, and was granted a reshuffle i.e. I would take my final year in two halves. As this semester has worn on, even this diluted arrangement has proven too much. I’m now suspending my studies for a year, and leaving university for twelve months. I used to enjoy taking on a lot of stuff, and conversely found that the more I took on the more successful I was (funny isn’t it). Now that I can’t do things any more, the problem only eats at itself, because I’m not able to take on things that would previously have made me feel good. Around a month ago, I turned to self-injury and alcohol to cope, which eventually turned into drugs (nothing too heavy, small amounts of painkillers mainly). Things got bad about ten days ago, where I was planning suicide. My coping mechanisms were no longer working, I realised how much I’d lost, how I hate the things that I used to enjoy and love so much, and felt so trapped and strangled by my situation. I saw an emergency GP, changed medication and was referred to local emergency mental health support services. Things improved over the following days but I’ve now declined back to where I was. Things I was doing to distract myself (inane things, like sorting through old family pictures, archiving receipts and my finances, selling unwanted junk on ebay) are now just boring again. Coping mechanisms aren’t helping, self-injury no longer hurts and doesn’t deliver the endorphins I need. My feelings of failure and loss are worse than ever and I really can’t see anything ahead that I can work towards, only more feeling trapped and inanity and emptiness.I’ve tried to analyse it with what’s left of my rational mind. I might be looking for attention, I might be looking for forgiveness, I’m not sure. They say writing things down helps, and writing and structuring this has helped clarify things in my head, but I’m having trouble from stopping myself thinking about death and just wanting everything to stop. As dramatic as it sounds, I think what I’m looking for is for someone to tell me what to do next. I'm back to where I was ten days ago and I don't know what to do