complicated.Doesn’t matter.So… I’m at the end I honestly don’t know what to do anymore. I’m so tired of this. I can’t talk to anyone anymore. I can’t talk to my friends they don’t understand & I’ll probably get exposed. My parents hate me & so does my sister. Why does everyone see me as some sort of annoyance? Especially my parents. They see me as a liar selfish mean rude. I’m really not like that at all… I swear I’m not. Can’t I just defend myself? I don’t get it. It’s so complicated. I’ve been suicidal for about 6 years of my life. Kept it a secret & then when I finally decided to put trust in my parents it just backfired on me. It got worse everything got worse they wouldn’t help me. I had to get over it myself. I wanted to change I didn’t want to be so depressed all the time I’m so fucking tired of crying & being put down. I’ve been constantly bullied & harassed & neglected I just can’t take it anymore. It’s been about a year since I’ve been clean & normal. But today I lost it. It came back to me so fast. I’m so tired of being hurt by everyone around me that I feel so numb. Is it bad that I’m crazy? I can’t cry. Even if I’m so hurt tears just won’t come out anymore. I can’t confide in anyone im being pressured by everyone & controlled. I don’t even know who I am. There’s just so much I hate I can’t even say it all. I feel like I’m not even allowed to be myself so I find myself constantly telling stories of someone different. I feel like the me I am alone & the me around someone is completely different. I unconsciously put on a parade & it disgusts me. I’m disgusted with myself. I shouldn’t have even been born. Like what’s the point? I’m just a waste of space everyone looks down upon. Everything is going downhill again. Why? I’m graduating high school. I’ve been also recently thinking to move away from here & go live in New York & start my life over again & cut ties back here with everyone. I just wanna go off the grid. & if that doesn’t work I’m killing myself.