RamblingRain chequeI guess I’m writing this more as a message for myself should I feel the pressure.At 2am, I dressed in my business suit, the one my mother bought me in hopes one day I’ll have a career that will not be slaving and suffering in hard labor like my father’s. It took me some time to remember how to tie a tie, I chose the windsor knot because I used it on my brother’s wedding. Sitting in the dining room table as my parents slept soundly, I pressed our family knife into my stomach. We had many other knives but our family always tended to use the same one. It was about 1 cm into my stomach when I stopped. I quickly cleaned up and went back to my room.BurdensEverybody has them. The feeling of the chains and shackles on your body, that no matter how hard you struggle the weight piles up until it crushes you. Some of us will embrace the burdens and let it pile up for it end our miserable life, others will find a faster solution.The UnknownThe future looks bleak and so is mine. I’ve failed to graduate the 2nd time and probably kicked out of my university. In this era where the common denominator to getting a respectable career that will make my family proud is a degree, I am just a waste of flesh. What’s in the future for us? Really what is there to look forward to? The news always talk about the worse in humanity and how it grows. The growing cost of living and bleakness of society.Pain and SufferingThere was a book I read called “The name of the wind”. It described there was 4 methods to heal pain and suffering. First is time, time heals most wound. As you continue to live the pain may become small stings. Second is denial, sometimes its better to reject and forget what happen in your life. Third is insanity, to lose yourself so you cannot remember the pain. Fourth is Death. There is no turning back. No individual is born with purpose to only suffer. We suffer because we struggle to see a better day or to attain the fruits of happiness. If there is nothing, only pitch black of despair. There is no dawn after the darkness then why bother?CowardiceThere is no cowardice in committing suicide nor is there in stopping before the final step. Death is death and nothing more. No one will ever truly know your suffering. If you stop, it just means you’re just not ready to let go. Just remember you’ll leave ripples from your wake. Just always remember as you take the last step, there is no bravery, no cowardice, just a finality.To my future self, I have decided not to take the final plunge because maybe there’s still some value in me to salvage. Should you ever decide to commit to the deed, know that I do not hate you and there is no shame in it because I can not relate to how you’re feeling at that time in the future. Just remember to wait a bit longer in the darkness to see if a dawn ever truly comes.