Stuck in an endless loopstaringattheceilingMy parents have been controlling every aspect of my life since day one of high school. Every thing I watch, wear, everywhere I go, who I talk to…it has all been pre-approved by my parents. My father is both physically and mentally/emotionally abusive to me. He refuses to let me go to the college I dreamed to go to and worked so hard to be accepted to. Instead, he is forcing me to attend a cheaper prep school and then community college, despite my acceptance into the university. He has used me as an accolade to show off to his father and stepmom in order to prove that he was a better parent than his own father. Now, for whatever reason, he is holding me back and crushing me, destroying my hopes and dreams. My boyfriend (who is wonderfully loving and supportive) is trying to help me, he does his best in supporting me and talking me down, but I can’t help but drift back to the garage every night, staring at the open bottle of antifreeze and the car that seems as if it’s begging me to start it up and run it while i take an eternal nap inside it. I don’t want to hurt him, yet I can’t help but feel as though he will move on quickly. There is no greater pain that I have ever felt in my life. I can’t even explain how painful this feeling is. It is as if I am trapped, a bird in a cage who has had its wings ripped off and its talons removed. As if the extra “protection” and scrutiny wasn’t enough. I am suffocating. I have no say in my future, lest my parents pull my working papers. My job is the only place I can go to to escape the cycle of abuse that has become my home. I do not turn 18 until midway through the next semester, when the prep school starts. It is out of state, and my father refuses to assist me with any means whatsoever.I am here because I am fading, I am broken inside and losing hope. I am rapidly getting weaker and sadder, I am losing all hope, all faith. I am ready to die. Yes, I know there are some situations worse than mine out there. I know that many people think I may be dumb, selfish, a wasted youth and opportunity. And that is okay, that is alright. I just need to talk to someone before I go through with this….any voices of comfort and wisdom would be appreciated and I will gladly give comfort in return, provided I am still here.