Live or notUnwantedLately I’ve thought about attempting again and my councillor wanted me to write things about me and my life story so I did…Well it started out like this when I was little my real dad molested me he took pictures and gave them to his friends to give them a jack off pic. As I got older my great grandma died on my birthday and my great grandpa said it was my fault. When I moved in with my step dad we moved to Pennsylvania because Indiana is a joke. My step dad touched me for the first time and not the nice kind. He stopped when I first cut myself in the 3rd grade. That’s when I moved to Rensselaer. I cried at night because I was scared he was gonna come back for more… Well my fear caught up with me and he did my friend committed suicide when I was 10 and since then I’ve had 2 deaths 4 suicides and I’ve been sent off 7 times. My mom has gave up on me because of fear. She is terrified I will hurt her because I get into a lot of fights. The first time I picked up a cigarette was when I was 7 and my first sip of booze was when I was 6 when I was 9 I smoked out of a bong for the first time. I cried when my mom sent me to Michiana the first time because I didn’t want to leave her but my step dad hell yeah. I was free for the longest time and was happy because he wasn’t there to touch me. But I soon realized I was freaking out because I didn’t have my bad habits with me. The booze, the cigarettes, the marihuana nothing. I was finding myself to dig my nails (which I bite) into my wrist. I would push hard enough to make myself bleed and I’d laugh because it felt good to bleed… Well to feel pain. I would always laugh when I’d cut myself and people would ask why? I’d answer there question by saying I think of all the people that hurt me and I’d picture there faces on my arms and I’d slice. I started to get addicted to cutting.”One slice, two slice, three slice, four oh why not add another more.” I’d soon thought of suicide and once I did all I wanted was pain and more pain. I took a plastic spoon back to the unit of the hospital with me. I am not gonna give you all ideas but I some how made it hard like razor sharp. I couldn’t help myself that night to tell them I was gonna take a shower then go to bed. I got in the shower and pushed it in my wrist and pulled down to my elbow. I didn’t see any thing so I went to one side of my wrist to the other. I saw blood pumping out my skin was flapped over and I turned off the water to see it drip down my leg. I got dressed sat by my bed and pushed again it started to bleed uncontrollably and I was laughing a little one like a giggle. My eyes started to roll back into my head and I was almost done. Sadly my roommate walked in and saw me she screamed loud and my favorite staff member was there all I did was cry feeling as I disappointed him like I did my mother. He grabbed my bloody wrist both of them and made me swear not to try again but I did and I am. He held them until the nurse came to stitch me up. She told me I was lucky to have been seen or I would of died right there. They cleaned up all my blood after taking several pictures of the bloody mess I made. It was like a blood pool I’d love to swim in then finally drown. I died there for like 1, 2 minutes and they soon shocked me back to life. I later on overdosed on almost 358 pills all mg and mcg very high and I almost made it through this one well I did for a little. I was in a coma for a while then was sent to a hospital for people with depression, anger, the works and I was always laying down crying throwing up and repeating it over and over again. Have you ever felt like some one flipped your insides to your outsides? I had it, honestly it sucks. Soon later I thought I wasn’t gonna make itThat’s all I have so far and now i wanna follow through with it…