i dnt want kill my self but m goingkhurami m going to kill my self bcose in this selfish world no body can feel others pain every rich person just enjoying their life and poor going die.All charity donation organization just help on big projects just for get high rat goodwill and ranking they dnt help poor individual for reward from God they want show there charity work to the world as brand.i get big loss in business and i loss my everything. i hv just some money for some days food after i ll comitt suicide. peoples who give me loan want to arrest me soon i dnt wana go to jail thats why b4 police arrest me i ll shoot my selfe.i have no way for survive and no hv money for pay my little loan. realy by God i dnt wana do suicide but no way hv to survive i ll shoot my self please pray for me God forgive me no send me in hell . thanks lifeis butiful but i hv nt way to survivekhuramlife is so beautiful but i m feed-up this life i want commit suicide i don’t have anyway for survive in life, i lost my everything don’t have anything for pay my loan how can i start my life new way it is not possible or no way i don’t want die but i don’t have way for survive . All peoples in this this world selfish they care himself not can help poor. please if someone have big heart for donate me for pay my loan and save my life i ll thank full him all the life and pray for him all the life pleas just for God safe my life i don’t want kill my self.i m gona kill my self but realy i dnt want diekhurami m from pakistan . i have get degree of post graduate MBA in Finance 5 years ago. i start my first job in a bank as credit officer with a year my boss many tim harasser me for wrong and bogus entries . but i reject his all instruction and time to time he give me dificulties for carry on my job and final i resigned from my job.after that i fear from my parents they ll angry with me thats why i was not ask anything about my job which i leave it.i m very fad-up from job thats why i want start my own business for this i get 10,000$ personal loan from a friend for 3 years and we decide i ll give him 50% profit every month from my business and after 5 year i ll give him original amount in shape cash … now i start my own business chicken (hen) forming. 1st two years i get handsome profit from business and after that due to diseases i have beard 9000$ loss from business i was nt have capital money for start business.i want start business again for this i get 16000$ from my other friend same terms and condition and start my business again and i was get much profit from business and give 50% profit to my investing partners but due to increase prices of product i cant save my profit for pay my loan and i invest my profit in business time to time.now last year country political situation unstable and due this every business disturbe and import and export go down.due to this chicken supply increase against of demand and cost of chicken go down from production cost.this instability of situation give me big loss and i lost my total investment and i dnt have any capital for start my business.and my investing partners demand me for return his money which they give me start my business. They come evryday my home and give me tentions and mently tourcher me for return his money . honestly i dnt have any assest and tangible property which i can sale and give him his money back. i lost my evrything no have way for start my life from new way. i was give him two chequ as guaranty for get money from him becose in pakistan have a Law if any person give bogus cheque to any person he ll be arrested.they give time till 1st may if i ll not give him money back they ll lounch FIR against me and which chequ i gave him as gurantee is evidence against me and police ll arrest me…i cant face this situation that police arrest me becose i dnt have anything for pay him money and all my life ll be gone as prisoner in jail. thats why i decide for commit suicide becose i dnt have other way for survive.i dnt have any tangible assest or property which i can pledge with bank and get loan for start business or pay to persons who give me loan before ..its my story and i ask u honestly everything. i dnt have way for start my life from new way. life is so beautiful. i dnt want kill my self but no have way or idea for save my respect from peoples ..Really i dnt wana die dnt wana die but situation is not in my hand i cant control anything. That’s why i want kill my self and i ll do that pray for me after my death God forgive me .please pray for me.plz plz help me if any body give me some money for pay my loan i dnt wana diei gona kill my selfkhurami m from pakistan . i have get degree of post graduate MBA in Finance 5 years ago. i start my first job in a bank as credit officer with a year my boss many tim harasser me for wrong and bogus entries . but i reject his all instruction and time to time he give me dificulties for carry on my job and final i resigned from my job.after that i fear from my parents they ll angry with me thats why i was not ask anything about my job which i leave it.i m very fad-up from job thats why i want start my own business for this i get 10,000$ personal loan from a friend for 3 years and we decide i ll give him 50% profit every month from my business and after 5 year i ll give him original amount in shape cash … now i start my own business chicken (hen) forming. 1st two years i get handsome profit from business and after that due to diseases i have beard 9000$ loss from business i was nt have capital money for start business.i want start business again for this i get 16000$ from my other friend same terms and condition and start my business again and i was get much profit from business and give 50% profit to my investing partners but due to increase prices of product i cant save my profit for pay my loan and i invest my profit in business time to time.now last year country political situation unstable and due this every business disturbe and import and export go down.due to this chicken supply increase against of demand and cost of chicken go down from production cost.this instability of situation give me big loss and i lost my total investment and i dnt have any capital for start my business.and my investing partners demand me for return his money which they give me start my business. They come evryday my home and give me tentions and mently tourcher me for return his money . honestly i dnt have any assest and tangible property which i can sale and give him his money back. i lost my evrything no have way for start my life from new way. i was give him two chequ as guaranty for get money from him becose in pakistan have a Law if any person give bogus cheque to any person he ll be arrested.they give time till 1st may if i ll not give him money back they ll lounch FIR against me and which chequ i gave him as gurantee is evidence against me and police ll arrest me…i cant face this situation that police arrest me becose i dnt have anything for pay him money and all my life ll be gone as prisoner in jail. thats why i decide for commit suicide becose i dnt have other way for survive.i dnt have any tangible assest or property which i can pledge with bank and get loan for start business or pay to persons who give me loan before ..its my story and i ask u honestly everything. i dnt have way for start my life from new way. life is so beautiful. i dnt want kill my self but no have way or idea for save my respect from peoples ..Really i dnt wana die dnt wana die but situation is not in my hand i cant control anything. That’s why i want kill my self and i ll do that pray for me after my death God forgive me .please pray for mei want die but tuff kill my self help mekhurami wana die and kill my self in this selfish world no one can feel others pains.everyone in this world selfish no one can give help just talk about it dnt wana doi dnt have anything for pay my looan back ihv just last 2 days after police ll arrest mebefore police arrest me iwant kill my self. i dnt want go to jail.i ask all my frnds charity organization they cnt help me just help with words that they arewith me cnt give me charity for pay my loan.in this form i request to all you peoples pleas if u hv big heart help me as human save my life i dnt want kill my self just help me God ll give you reward i dnt have anything for you.realy i dnt wana die but i have no tim and way for survive. please pleas its my request youjust for God reward help me i can pray for you. ihave only 2 days left after i ll kill my self.if anyone can give me some support contct with me.