i hung myself and right when i felt myself starting to go into idk what it waslexai hung myself and right when i felt myself starting to go into idk what it was…the only way I can describe it is my whole body was flopping like a fish after I gasped for air I think. I didn’t know where I was when the flopping began. I thought I was in bed experiencing the pain ive been feeling inside except I thought it was so unbearable and that’s why I was shaking so bad and couldn’t see….then somehow I knew I wasn’t in bed, something told me I had hung myself. this is all very hard to explain..when I realized I was dying my ex boyfriends mom happened to have walked in the room of my house where she had hidden a meth pipe so she went in there for it..so she found me foaming at the mouth my face was all wet. I had urine dripping thru my leggings. I now have a scar on my neck…and I still want to die. the only thing I think of is my mother. but really if she cared about how I feel, she would take me in as her daughter rather then pushing me away and forcing me to fend for myself when she is well able to help me and well, I really need her.. I don’t do drugs. I don’t go out, all I am is miserable. ive worked hard been hurt, ive lived the life people slave their whole lives to live. ive seen everything ive wanted to see. ive had it all. but I have never been able to keep my happiness. no one loves me. I have nothing left inside of me. im just like a zombie..walking in this suit..and I cant do it anymore. my close friend killed himself. it hurt me a lot and it made me upset at him. if love could have saved him he had lived forever. but I know how he felt, and well since he made the choice..i wish I could say he was still here. id give my life for his. and all my other friends that I have lost. but now I have no one. im the one that should be gone not them. they where loved. the good ones always go. im not worth shit. all day everyday I just gasp for air, try not to cry. I have nothing!!! no matter what I do things will never get better its screamed in my face if that’s the only thing I hear from another voice all day. I have nothing, you people on here commenting about think of this and think of that. I do. and its not there!!!!