Every day I think about suicideEvery day is a constant fucking reminder of what inferior trash I am. Almost EVERY human being is better than me. Almost everyone is superior to me while I'm just a nobody. worthless garbage. I need to die but how? Killing yourself isn't easy. Every fucking day I go out and have the same depressing realization. That no person cares about me and If I died not a single person would care. I'm so lonely and no one wants anything to do with trash. I am a mistake. I should be dead. As long as I'm alive I will suffer in this cruel world I should have never been a part of. What the fuckfuck everything. I hope everyone that ever treated me badly dies slow. I want to die tell me what is the point in living?- bullied, ignored pretty much all of my life. All my life I've seen others living life while I'm all alone and no one ever cared about me- ugly - nobody loves me or wants me - racially inferior - abusive family- boring, never have anything to say to anyone or nobody is ever interested in me.I could go on and on. Nothing good ever happens to me. I'm 19 at the moment and pretty much already missed out on life being alone in my home abused while everyone else lived theirs. No girl I liked has ever wanted me and none will. I'm a loser with nothing to offer. Why live? What do I have worth fighting for? Nothing will work out for me and nobody cares about me. NOBODY I'm just going to give it a little more time then if nothing changes as expected then there is no more reason for me to live.Don't fit in anywhereI'm serious no attention seeking. Suicide is becoming a serious option for me. My problem is that I am totally alone and nobody cares about me. I feel really really sad right now. I am crying as I type this. I know nobody in real life so this website is the only place I can turn to. It is just so heartbreaking to see other people in love, having friends, people who care about them while nobody loves me :(. I am a racial minority where I live and that may have contributed to the reason I am isolated today. I do not like the people of my race. They are backwards, greedy, savage. I come from a culturally backwards eastern family and that may have been the reason I am like this today. I am a 20 year old guy. All I want is a woman to love, friends, just to have people who really care about me. I'm tired of being alone and suicidal every day. People don't accept me in the area that I live in. Maybe it's just the area? It could be different if I moved but I'm not sure. I have tried but people reject me here and are superficial. I just want to fit in western society and have people who really care about me and a lover :(. The good thing is I am well financially. I have A lot of money saved up and a good real estate business going. None of that means anything to me because life is pointless all alone. I just really really need help on what to do. I can't bear being alone anymore and want to be loved and accepted somewhere in western society. But I have no idea how to get those things. Please any advice and help would really really be appreciated. Thank youNo social life and nobody cares about me what do I do?This is how things have been for me for years. Pretty much my school career I was ignored daily and just the guy nobody cared about. It was pure torture just being there every day looking at how great everyone else has it while I was all alone and knowing I will die alone and nobody will care. It's horrible. Nothing can describe how bad it feels to be all alone and know that nobody cares about or loves you. To know that you will die alone. I don't know what to do anymore I really need advice, right now I have no social life and no person cares about me. I spend every day in college alone while watching other people have great lives full of love, excitement, care, fun it's just pure torture.This is how things have always been for me. Every day I am closer and closer to suicide and I know that even if I did that nobody would care. I just am running out of options now and need any advice. I'm going to lose it soon. I just can't do this anymore. I need someone, anyone to just talk to me, tell me something, anythingno social life need any advice and help pleaseI have been thinking about suicide every day for years. It's so wrong and unfair. Nobody should have to go through this. Basically I'm 19 now and never had any friends, relationships or anyone who ever wanted me or cared about me.Basically I have been bullied and isolated pretty much all my life. Treated like a freak and not even human. It's caused so many problems for me like no self confidence, shyness and no self esteem. Every day I go to college I sit in silence just thinking about suicide. Watching all the winners love carefree and happy, I'm relationships, friends, excitement while I just the inferior garbage nobody cares about that will die alone. There isn't even any point in trying to talk to them. Not much in common, totally different lives. Even that isn't it. Even if I tried to talk to them I would just end up being made fun of or rejected or viewed as an inferior loser. I'm crying while I type this.Nobody cares about me. Nobody loves me :(. I'm all alone in life and I never did anything wrong. Everyone views me as an inferior freak not worth even looking at. :( I don't know if I can take it anymore. I've missed out on so much in life already and I don't want to die alone :( I just want to be a normal person with people who love and care about them. Is that too much too ask? I'm crying, I'm all alone and lonely nobody loves me or cares about me. Maybe not everyone is meant to win in life. Maybe some people just aren't meant to make itNo friends, no love, boring life what to do?Basicay I have no friends or anyone who cares about me in real life. The people in my area are very stuck up, ignorant, narrow minded, etc. and don't accept me. Even if they did I have nothing in common with them anyways. The only social interaction I get is from people on the internet. Other than that I have no person in real life who cares about me. All I do is try to hope for the future and pass the time with things like the Internet, music, video games. I'm really getting sick of this routine. I lack any excitement or purpose in my life. Moreso I'm sick of the lack of anyone in my life and always being alone every day. However I have absolutely no idea how to change this. I consider myself a good person unlike most people and have always been helping others in need and caring for them. I don't deserve this. It's not fair.I deserve to be loved and accepted just like everyone else. I deserve what other people have. I just don't know what to do anymore. I don't want to kill myself but if there is nothing that will change then I might have no other choice. I just can't do this anymore. I've suffered long enough. If you don't know already I'm a 19 year old male about to turn 20 this next month and of course no one will be there on my birthday or care because I have no one. It hurts so much... It hurts so much to know that nobody cares about you. That you are alone in this existence. To know that you will die alone and there is nothing aheadI think about suicide every dayOkay so what I'm going to tell you is true. Basically this has been what it's like for me. I think about suicide every single day for years. I have been bullied and excluded pretty much all my life and people have made many racial remarks against me for a long time. Nobody ever likes me or wants anything to do with me. It's gotten so bad now that I can't even go outside anymore. When I do I feel terrible. I just feel like killing myself right there. I see everyone with happy lives, good looking, with friends, in relationships, with so many great life experiences meanwhile I'm here 19 year old guy, still a virgin, all my memories were just being bullied and sitting at home with a bad family. The reason I never went out and did things like normal people is because I grew up in a culturally backwards family who didn't allow me. Because of this I have no life experiences and don't fit in anywhere. Nobody cares about me. All the girls I like would never want me and I can not even describe in words how bad it feels to know that nobody loves you. A while ago I had planned to end my life because it's too much, but I was too afraid to go through with it. I underestimated how hard it is. I just can't be alone anymore and a freak. I just can't be a loser anymore. I just can't be an outsider when everyone else is enjoying life anymore. What do I do? :(