Severe painI have a very painful ear infection. i have horrible pain I can hardly get any sleep. I called an ambulance to go to the ER and they said I have swimmer's ear. It feels like someone shot me in the ear. The doctor prescribed some antibiotics pills by mouth and special ear drop and take tylenol cause I'm pregnant and it's not getting better. I've been taking the medicine for 3 days now and it isn't any better. I went back to the ER and they said there is nothing more they can do for me and told me to go to an ENT specialist but i have no way to get there. The pain has been going on for 4 days now. Plus we have no heat where I am staying and no hot water and I can't take a bath. I can't give my daughter a bath either. She is dirty and she hasn't had a bath for two weeks now due to being no hot water. We are poor where I'm living. I have no money to do anything and I had to walk home from the hospital and it is so cold here the cold air was making me get an asthma attack as I was walking in it. My daughter has to go to get her shots at the doctor office tomorrow and I have no way to get her their. the streets here have no sidewalks and it's a 10 block walk to the nearest bus stop and we would have to walk in the streets is is so dangerous with no sidewalks and 45 mph speed limit on the streets in back of where I stay. I'm just fed up of having to live like this. Why doesn't God ever bless me with anything nice. All I ever get in life is living with no money, mental and physical ailments, and abusive people that abuse me emotionally and physically. They have taken everything I ever had in life. I don't even know why I am typing this. Also my appetite is poor a lot of the times especially with my depression and this painful ear infection but sometimes I get the mood and desire to eat but I have no way to go buy any food. My food stamps came but I haven't been able to go to the grocery store due to lack of transportation and no one will help me. I haven't went to the bathroom since last week probably since last Friday... I don't want to go to food boxes at church because we went to one and the food was expired and did not tastes good. I'm so sorry i don't mean to complain but is there something wrong with wanting to be able to eat fresh non expired food that tastes good like a lot of people get to do? I don't even know if anyone will read this or not and I don't even know what I am trying to ask on here because I don't think there is anything or anyone that can help me at this point in my life. My life might as well be over now. I want to commit suicide so bad right now I just think I am too cowardly to go through with it I'll probably just make a half failed attempt at it.

 No one to love meHelp! I feel all alone, sad  helpless. My husband abuses me. He hates me. he never tells me he loves me anymore. I have no one in my world that tells me they love me. All my husband ever does is threaten to divorce me, throw me out onto the street, criticize me, he tells me horrible hurtful words that I just can't bear any longer. I have no where to go or run to in this cold hard world. No family that will let me live with them. No money to be independent on my own. I'm tired of starving and never have enough money to eat the whole month. No one will give me a job. Then my husband tells me my hair isn't long enough for him and he wants a woman with longer hair than mine and my hair is already very long. It goes down to the middle of my back, almost to my bottom but I have just been getting a lot of haircuts recently. I can grow it very long though and it goes to almost the middle of my back and I have had it almost down to my butt before and my husband tells me it's other women out there that have longer, nicer looking hair than me. He says there are other women in the world that are prettier than me. He keeps on telling me to take my stuff and get out of the house. I told him where am I going to go? I have nowhere to go and he says to me he don't care it is not his problem. He told me I'm going to be homeless really soon. He said he is going to throw all my stuff in the trash if I have no where to take it to. I am very scared, lonely, sad and suicidal. My psychiatrist is trying to say she is not going to treat me anymore because I am pregnant right now and high risk because I have a heart condition and she refuses to give me any medicine. So I have no medicine to take to help me with my depression and anxiety. What do I do?I wish someone would love me and show me love. That's all I want is someone to love me and nobody loves me. My own mother, father and sister and nieces all turned their backs on me and abandoned me. Even my so called friends I have tel me I should be ashamed for being pregnant and keep having kids that I have too many kids but I don't even get to be with all my children. They won't let me see them. My family kidnapped my own kids from me. My so called friend as I said before told me I need to be ashamed because I keep getting pregnant and this is the fifth time I have been pregnant. I had other pretend friends stop talking to me because they said I'm stupid for letting an abusive man get me pregnant and they don't associate with me because they said I'm dumb for allowing an abuser to get me pregnant and bring babies into a relationship where a man is abusing me. It would have been better if I never would've been born into this world. I hate my mother and father for conceiving me and bringing me into the world and letting me be born. I wish my mother had an abortion when she found out she was pregnant with me. My sister is so cruel and mean to me. I have not spoke to her in over a year because when I was speaking to her she kept on telling me lies and giving me false hopes and promises about letting me see my kids that she has. Then she kept on taunting me and teasing me in messages saying I'm so miserable of a person and she told me to admit I am miserable with my abusive husband and that I deserve to be abused since I am with him. She was laughing at me being so sad and getting abused by my husband. Why does my life have to be like this. It kills my spirit on the inside when I see other people with their families lovingly by their side, or their hospital bed, coming to visit them at visiting hours, bringing them food and gifts to the hospital, buying them gifts at holiday times and birthdays, I never get any gifts for my birthday or Christmas from anyone not even my husband. Why does God keep torturing me by letting me see other families happily together, spending quality time together and getting along. I want so much more than anything to get along with my family and have a loving, strong, beautiful, joyful relationship. I guess it is not meant for me. During my last pregnancy almost a year ago my husband hit me with a metal can and I was bleeding everywhere. I had to go to the ER and get staples in my head. No man ever did that to me before ever in my whole life. i am 33 years old and that is the first time someone ever had to get staples. Very painful but more emotionally painful for me that someone I thought is supposed to love me and protect me could do something like that to me. Plus I have a broken shattered eye socket because my husband punched me so hard with such force that it shattered the bones around my eye socket. I had to get x-rays in the ER. Then my husbands sister who is never around and doesn't even live with us and never seen anything that goes on between us came over last week for the first time and yelled at me saying to me I am a liar and that her brother never broke my eye socket. Why? Why would she say that to me? I never did anything to her. Can anyone maybe please tell me why she might say this to me and accuse me of lying after I told her I even have proof from hospital records and test results that my eye socket was broken? Why is him and his family being so cruel to me? Why is everyone always cruel and hurt me in my life. Other people get to be loved and believed why can't anyone love me and believe me and what I say? I wish things would get better so that I can stop wallowing in self pity. I think I almost overdosed last night or I actually did but I guess I am strong and my body ended up fighting it because I'm still here. But my breathing definitely was shallow, my pupils were pinpoint, it felt like my heart almost stopped beating and I had very slow movements and felt extremely fatigued. I was thinking about going to the ER because I was getting really uncomfortable and a panicky feeling but then I changed my mind and hoped I would just die but then it wore off. I don't know. The baby inside me has probably passed away. My husband doesn't want it anyways. He told me he was going to kick me in the stomach and make me have a miscarriage. But sometimes he acts like he loves it and rubs my tummy. I am so confused.  I am never going to another DV shelter again. I went to one one time and it had a severe infestation of bed bugs. They are strict and make you wake up at 6am and make you stay out of your room all day and you can't go to bed until 11pm at night. If you feel sick and have a fever they don't care. They won't let you lay down and rest if you have a fever and are sick. they treat you like you are Cinderella and make you scrub the whole entire place from top to bottom every day all day long. It just aggravated my depression and anxiety more. No offense and I know someone might tell me this just trying to help and be nice but please don't tell me maybe I should go to a domestic violence shelter because that doesn't help me at all. I have already been to a domestic violence shelters and they scared me and worsened my anxiety and depression. So I have no other options. Only option I really have is to commit suicide to escape from it all. 