Enough...I don't believe I've ever posted in this thread, to my recollection, I could be mistaken however. That being said, let me start.I've endured too much in my life & right now is just breaking me down, so far, that I can't see "asking" what's the point any more? I mean, in all honesty, there's really no one in my real life, that would miss me IF I would "end" this miserable exsistance that I'm enduring. People can "say" there's much to live for, like the (good) example of my future grandchild. That being said, that's not something that's going to occur, due to my daughter's treatment(s) of myself. I'm already as low as one person's able to handle, yet she's the one "complaining" that she doesn't want anything to do with me,Êbecause I'm "on her" for one thing or another. I guess she no longer wants to "deal" with me any more. I find itextremely upsetting, when she makes her unwise choices, people are to scramble to fix her issues/problems, with no execption to whatever's going on with their own life. When I need some support, with my life, she's the first one to turn on me, along with the rest of the world I live/exsist in.ÊThere's no compassion for someone like myself & it's futher shoved in my face on a daily basis. I'm tired of "doing this" on a daily basis. I'm not without my own faults, mistakes, or even unwise choices on my own behalf. I gave up gambling, because it was unproductive & causing myself more damages then I could control. Seems the harder I've tried to fix/repair myself, so to speak, the worse things have become. It's not too little to late either kind of concept(s). I've made some serious sacrifices for other people. Some, like my daughter, was to try to help her. Other things that have plagued me, for years, are things that I didn't do to anyone else, but yet it's had a devistating effects within my life, because of what someone/people have done to me. I've delt with things, as they've occured. I can't keep doing damage control, when things are so far out of my own control(s). This place was the last shred of hope I held out & on to. It's now going, as is my life taking a turn to a place I never thought I'd never post in or post in again.I'm done with being the laughing stock of this world, the people I encounter, or people that I have to endure with on a constant basis. I'm tired of my depleating health issues, that are now becoming worse, due to the amount(s) of stress/pressure I'm enduring right now. I've been lashing out, at my poor dog, when he's done not a dang thing to deserve my 'wrath.' I've become bitter, jaded, angry, hateful, spiteful, & all the unpleasant feelings that seem to be flowing through me, just like my blood does. I'm tired of suffering & there's no one that truly cares to even acknowledge me any more. It's just best to avoid me, because I'm falling, face down, & why would anyone offer to lend me a hand to help me back up? They wouldn't & that's abundently clear, as this time's coming to it's conclusion(s). It's better to laugh at me, avoid me, or like the guy across the street seems to keep telling me, to just continue to take whatever life tosses at me.ÊI no longer can deal with this any more. I can't find a place, I'm losing this home, I have no family/friends, so there's no one to talk to in my life. I'm exhusted of complaining, when nothing turns out for the better. I held out hope, too many times in my life, & there's nothing left & hope's run out. I'm tired of people around me, gloating about what's happening to me. I had the lady next door (married one) ask me, eariler today, when's the date I need to be vacant from here? She futher upset me. She cared not, what or where I was going, just how quickly I needed to be gone from here. It's dealing/talking with these people, that have their life going great, that NEVER think about their own difficult struggles/times within their own life. It seems to me, because they got over it, so very quickly & never had to endure it/things for a greater length of time, they just believe it's just a small hill to walk up. It's not the case & they should see how it feels to be on THIS END of life. As we all understand, it's not about to happen.I've had enough of the people that are unkind & have nothing to offer, in the way of a kind word or two for someone else. I'm tired of people kicking me & it never ends, even with things piling up on me. I'm burnt out from fighting a losing battle. I can't win & it's taken 40 plus years to understand/seriously comprehend it. There's nothing left for me, but being out on my butt. People can tell me go talk to someone, a professional, or a therapist. I've endure more things, than their books/classes/clients could ever give them, as a serious reality of how miserable life is. I know, I'm not the only one in this world, but my life's crashing down on me & there's nothing left in reserve to deal with this any more. I want out, simple as that. All I can say, is that I don't want to be here any more. All the pains I've endure, for far too long, has just broken me. Having no real family or friends to turn to, has just futher depleated me. Finally, being the laughing stock for other's amusement(s), has just been the final blow, that I didn't need. I don't care any more & that's the most painful thing that I could ever say. I just don't want this life any more & I don't want to keep doing this any more.