I don't want to be alone anymoreI have always known that I was not like everyone else, but it wasn't until I developed a curiosity about it that I realized how broken I am. Since I was a kid, I didn't have many friends, and those who I called friends were not people that I trusted or cared about. They were the other outcasts, like me. Not those that because they were discriminated against decide to join; but those that were so down in the hierarchy of social standing that were alone, and only joined together to survive the problematic "team activities". It was not because of a mutual understanding or pity between themselves, but because no one else would be with them. My "friends" always were the other broken kids, just like me.However, I was not like them, not entirely at least. While most of them did care about not being alone but didn't know how to connect with others, I was not interested in any kind of friendship or companionship to not being alone. My only interest in others always was just to fight boredom. If I found a way to entertain myself without the need of someone else, I stopped looking for others, and even started to stop answering their calls. That until I got bored again. However, when I arrived upon middle school puberty arrived. And like every single male, my biological interest on females appeared. So for the first time in my life, I decided to try to connect with people. And it was then that I discovered my first big problem: I barely knew how to interact with others, much less how to connect with them. My first year there I followed others and try to imitate them. It didn't work. My second year there I tried to create my own personality to interact with others, even if it was just a facade, it might work. But I fail terribly. It was until my third year of middle school that I took a different approach. Since everything I knew about socializing, which I learned from observing others, was not working from me, I decided to reflect upon everything I knew and create my own ideas, my own morals, and my own principles. The first change that occurred to me was when I discovered the contradictions in the religion I learned since I was born. It was a huge shock to me, it was an absolute truth that turned out to be fake. How could I trust anything at all of what I was told if such a big fact that everyone around me believed was a lie?I reformed myself. I started reading topics that would have made my religious parents shiver. Not as a way to go the farthest away from their teachings since I was butthurt for their fake instructions as a lot of people believe. But as a way to learn new stuff. Not only did I look for the point of view in which I agreed initially, but I started to look at every opinion I could find. And then I learned the most important lesson of my life. I know nothing, and it doesn't matter how sure I can be of something, I can be wrong. It was then, when I stopped being the ignorant boy who had no friends, and transformed into an ignorant boy who had no friends but at least was aware of his own stupidity. That, surprising as it may be, attracted other people. For the first time in my life others started to show interest in me. And I made friends, at least for a while.However, as the barely social human being that I am, maintaining a friendship relationship with them was really tiring. If I had no chance of getting a girlfriend, I was really not interested. But as the controversial guy that was questioning everything and refusing to believe everything that our religious teachers in our religious school told us, my chances of getting the girl I was most interested in were 0. Therefore, even though I really tried to be friendly with others, show interest, and connect with them, I failed. As the broken human being I am I kept finding ways of ruining my relationships with others. From promising I was going to the birthday parties from friends, and then not going because I didn't feel like going at last moment, to suddenly act as if I was not interested in them anymore. Which was not entirely true, as sometimes I did care. The problem is that I don't know how to always care. As egoist it may be, that is how it was.Eventually, as we finished middleschool and went different ways, my friends stopped contacting me. Not a surprise, as I was the first one to push them away in the start. Then, in highschool, I entered a bigger field, with more people, and where not everyone around me was religious. My highschool was a normal highschool. There I had some teachers as fucked up as me. They suggested some really interesting books that showed how the authors shared some of my broken view of the world. So I got interested, and I looked them up. Only to find something really disturbing. All of them that shared a near identical view of the world as me, suicided. So I asked myself, why?I researched even more, and discovered that all of them were alone. If not entirely, as some of them had family, they never knew how to truly connect with others. Just like me. And honestly speaking, I'm not better than them, nor stronger, nor do I have a more resistant mind. It was then that I discovered my doom. So I tried again, to connect. This time I first improved myself, as in an environment of teenagers, looks are really important. I lost weight, became fit, learned how to play the drums to look cool, tried to make myself interesting. But they weren't as innocent as my friends where in middleschool. They all eventually realized how empty and broken I truly am, and I failed. Not a single true friend, not a single true connection with another human being I was able to make.So I gave up, and I decided to live as long as I could alone. However, I always kept in my mind how insignificant and stupid my way to live was. So kept trying, not as hard as before, but I kept trying. Even though I kept telling to myself that I already gave up, every opportunity that came to make a friend, I felt miserable when it failed. And the failures kept accumulating, and I knew, my future was doomed. So I became bitter. And as surprising as that might be, that attracted one guy. One true friend. Someone as broken, not as much as me, as he had some friends, but still, broken. Who was somehow able to understand. That gave me hope. However, I had to mess it up, as always.As soon as highschool ended, I stopped contacting him, and we parted ways. Even though I never truly admitted it during that time, I became depressed. So depressed, that the few feelings I had, I stopped feeling. It was somehow nice, some peace at last. Even though deep down I still cared, and I still was lonely, I was able to lie to myself. I made companions during that time, people that were amused by my indifference and interested in my good ability of programming, which is good in engineering. But no one I could consider a true friend. Three more years passed, and following what everyone else was doing, I decided to go to an exchange program. And then, something happened, something that changed everything. I fell in love. Something I never thought I would be able to. For the first time in my life I started to truly care about someone. She was the first person who without any necessity, nor having something to gain from me, was truly kind to me. And no, I didn't confuse her kindness as interest on me. I know that no one can truly fall in love with someone as empty and broken as myself. But still, I tried to be her friend, I tried to make her happy, to help her however I could. To make nice memories with her, as I only had one year in here, then most likely I would never see her again. And at the start it worked. She asked me for favors, which I gladly would make. She even called me reliable, a first for me. That only made me love her even more. But as I wanted to help her even more, she started to felt in debt with me. Her invitations to hang out started to be out of her feeling guilty for not being able to do as much for me as I was doing for her. She didn't know that just letting me help her gave me more happiness than what I had ever felt before. So she started refusing my help. And then my broken self came out again. If I wasn't helping her I didn't know how to approach her. I didn't know how to make her laugh, nor how to make her happy. Our meetings started to become awkward. And I broke again. I messed up, started to think every action too much, saw things that weren't truly there. And I made her uncomfortable. Now, she knows how broken I am, and as the truly kind person she is, she still sometimes try to speak to me, to go out somewhere to eat with me.But I can't. I just can't anymore. Falling for her broke my fragile bubble I had made to protect myself from the loneliness. Now I tasted a bit of what being happy is, and I know I will never get it as I can't connect with anyone. I am alone, even if I try to not be, I don't know how. I can't be with her, nor with anyone else. I am alone, and I hate it. I know what awaits me, as I have seen what everyone who is alone eventually do. I don't want to wait to be 40 to kill myself. All I can think about is that I should do it now, as I will eventually do it. Why be miserable for years when I can end it now as I will end it then?I am alone, and I don't want to be alone anymore. But I don't know how, so I ask for help, before I abandon all hope and make my last choice.At this point I already know how I would do it. It is all I can think of, how better it would be to be dead. I have everything ready, just in case I finally decide to go for it. I can’t concentrate on my studies, nor can I sleep for more than 2 hours straight. The temptation of suicide itself is killing me right now