I had a good runI don't really feel suicidal but I don't feel much will to live either. I put together a decent life all things considered, but now there's not much driving me forward. After a making as strong an effort to socialize as I ever have before I'm still stuck here today with virtually no friends or romantic life to speak of. I remain distant from my family despite constant vows to get better at that. I started doing things I'd long wanted to do but still feel little enjoyment from anything. I spent a chunk of my life trying to help the less fortunate but now I no longer do this and don't provide anything for anyone.I really tried my best and, for once, I'm willing to let myself accept that my efforts made a difference. But I'm still stuck in this "place." I did okay for myself, maybe it's time to cash my chips and call it a life. It's everyone elses faultFor once I would like to just get mad at other people. Rather than limp through life hating myself I just want to snap and start treating everyone like shit. I know I won't, but I wish I could.Of course, all that will do is make people think I'm an asshole and have no regard for my depression. I'm damned if I do damned if I don't. No matter what people aren't going to understand me. They're either think I'm a worthless person, or a bad one. Which only makes me even more frustrated.I just want to scream at everyone "Dammit, you don't understand."Removing the subjectivityI'm going crazy again....It's just been a bad day, a lot of things have lead up to this, but I just had another stream of consciousness about suicide. For the first time I began to think of it objectively. No more "I deserve to die" or "I don't deserve to be happy." This time it was "There's no reason for me to be alive."Granted, there's no reason for me to be dead either, but at least with death there's a objective endgame there. There's no objective reason behind killing myself or not killing myself, but if I'm dead at least I don't have to deal with all the bullshit of my life. It all goes away. I don't have to deal with anything, I just cease to be. If I'm alive it's just the status quo with having to suffer through a meaningless life.Just now I looked at myself in the mirror. I saw nothing. I mean, I physically saw myself, but I felt no subjective opinion whatsoever. I was just starring into space. I saw a human whom I recognized as myself. I didn't see anything of value. I'm not even saying these things in a negative way, just explaining what I experienced. When I go on these weird rants I always picture myself talking to my old therapist. After staring at myself for several minutes I realized what I would've said had my therapist been there in the room. "I think I should go to the hospital."Not necessarily that I'm going to kill myself any moment, but just that nothing my therapist could do could save me. Just take me somewhere where strangers have the objective assignment of keeping my alive. Why? I'm not sure.My head hurts.I swear if I don't do it sooner or later I'm just going to snap and have some sort of breakdown.