I was final better...I have been fighting with ptsd for 6 years now. I have a hard time being around people that lie or that have criminal records. It makes me feel sick to my stomach, I start feeling high anxiety, if I don't get away from them quickly I start getting angry. I have done some things that I have regretted in this state of anger. But I have worked hard in therapy. And, it all changed for me when my son was born, I was so happy, I had a 1000 photos of him on my phone. I stopped going to school so I could spend more time becoming the best mother that I could. Every time that my husband's parents criticized me and brought up the past, I just told myself that I was happy now and that I was going to Live in the now. I did evey thing that they ask for and went over to their house every other weekend. On Christmas they ask me to be next to my sister-in-law who has a long criminal record and has threatened, lied and manipulated my husband. We've had heated fights in the pass, I have try to explain why it's hard for me to be next to her, they don't seem to want to listen. But I was feeling better for a year now, so I said yes. But when I was their, I was just quiet and stayed to myself. And I heard them say that my problem was that I was jealous that they liked her better. I don't care about things like that, what hurts is that I have opened up myself to them and tryed to explain my circumstance, they seem to want to push for something that I'm not capable of giving to them at this point in time. After Christmas they've treated me like shit, they commented on my weight, my appearance, my parenting skills. I have Gotten so bad that I have gone back on medicine and therapy. I am back where I started crying all the time reliving ever f*** up thing that has happen and resenting giving birth to my son. I feel so bad for him that he has a mother that is so f*** up, I wise that I wasn't in his live so that he could have a better chance to be normal. I just wise that I had killed myself when all this started six years ago, then no one would have had to suffer because of me.