I suffer from depressionTamaIn advance, I very sorry that you guys have to read that but I figured that it’s the only place where I can find people who will really help me.I’ll start off by telling you my background so you could delve me more precisely. I was raised in a country that was all new to me because myculture is a bit different thanTheirs, I had a very though time in school because I had to learn everything all over again and everything was newto me.. As well as my class mates that made fun of my accent.I made few friends and never knew how much I’d regret that afterwards.One of them was a year older than me.He was so kind and always helped me out with any problem I had, until he made other friends with some bullies and turned his back on me.Those fuckers they raped meI really thought that he wanted me back because he got tired of them but he did it for his selfish needs! I never told anyone about it except…My other friend that turned his back on me in junior high.. After I trusted him my secret. I made a few other friends who always used me for my money and soon enough I realised they are not really my friends. I started drinking and smoking for a whole year and got my worst disease.. The depression.My one and only friend that I had was my neighbour that invited me to his birthday party at his house, never thought how wrong it could turn.Turned out he invited those bullies plus the fuckers that raped me!I swore to kill them by the end of the day!! I was so mad stressed.. I guess I was a mess and I drank too much.. I started a fight and got my ass kicked later. I woke up in a hospital with my mom by my side unable to move because of the pain. I got hit by a car that night.After that I had memory problems.. And when I got to high school my grandma died because of the cancer…I was so attached to her…My depression grew bigger and bigger..I just wanted to disappear..I attempted a suicide that obviously failed cause I cut across my wrists ended up in hospital again and after my recovery had a rehabilitation.. I took the pills but my mind felt blury, all my thoughts were messed up..Not so long ago I decided to start a new life and gave everything for good grades and when I really started to make my first steps I realised how much I want to be and artist.. My dad didn’t like it and pushed me to collage where I learn programming..It’s so fucking hard that I cry every night about how lifeless I am and how much I hate my life now..Not so long ago my disease came back and I’m depressed every fucking day!My grades went down like a rock and I feel I’ve made a wrong choice!Please help me because I don’t want to end my life, even though I think about it every day! I want to clear my thoughts and move on but I can’t!Everything is so bad for me now and I’m scared that this will be the end of me!I really want to do something about it!And now I wanna die..