NWO and how life is just pointlessNicolaIm 23 years old and in my last year of uni, my life is good, its just me thats the problem, im to emotional and feel things on a deep level. I am a deep thinker who has a hard time grounding myself.I was abused by my adopted mother as a child and have always felt unloved and unwanted, from time to time i am an attention seeker, who cant stand being alone. I want to make the most out of every day but i don’t seem to have the company to do it. I look at other people with their friends and get jealous, i have many acquaintances and do have sufficient social time, but im needy, im afraid of being alone, disconnected and not part of the group, i can be too energetic and extremely passionate for people. I feel disconnected to others and feel like a burden to them. When im happy im really happy and when im sad im suicidal. I am liked by many and quite popular sometimes but behind closed doors im an emotional wreck. I used to be a cocaine addict at 15 and have worked so hard to get to where i am today, however, i always seem to let myself down and attract drama. I have tried to kill myself numerous ways when i was younger and have fought of the urge to harm myself again. Over the years i have managed to get rid of these bad feelings and thoughts through spirituality, but they always pop back up occasionally, and with all this New World Order stuff and all the suffering in the world, all i want to do is help people wake up so we change this society so no one would feel in this way, and we can all feel connected again. I am a intelligent person which maybe why i get so depressed, as i have a lot of information buzzing around that angers and frustrates me, like the fact that humans are being lied to on every level, and most people have no clue how vast, an extensive the lies stretch and it makes really really sad. I find it really hard to ground and balance myself. The biggest fear i have is being alone and being in this world and not doing something important to help it, why am i here? i cannot connect the same with people anymore, their ignorance is their bliss and i can no longer relate to them. Its not like i judge them, not hang out with them or think im above them, we just operate on different levels on thinking, consciousness and awareness, and it frustrates me. I get on with all sorts of people but on a deeper level i dont really feel connected to most of them. I have many acquaintances but not so many friends friends, i am socially sound but im not part of any clicks.If this is what life is about; to work for the system in order to just survive then im having a hard time wanting to live on this earth as everything man-made in this world is upside down! i cant stand it, people seem so cruel and cold to me now, even though deep down i know their heart is true, we are all one etc. But i just cant go back to the way of thinking before i learned about all the propaganda, lies, deceit, manipulation, programming, corruption, false history and many many more! Its impossible to go back, its like a blessing and a curse at the same time…. So how can you help me? meditation works to some degree, and i understand everything however, i still feel lonely and disconnected, its frustrating because people can be so ignorant and they just don’t give a shit about you, so it make me think why should i, why should i even try my best to do something good in the world… when its always going to be corrupt and cold…. this society we live in depresses the shit out of me…Now i understand you cant give me a definitive helping answer as you do not know exactly how i feel, the information i’ve received and have not had the experiences ive had, but maybe in some way you can, and maybe there are people out there who can relate.I just want to be at peace, be calm like everyone else, what would you suggest 