Life makes me tired... I need it to end.I am a Sophomore in college, studying to become a web developer and graphics designer. I am doing the bare minimum to stay in school with a 2.2 GPA, because I have been told multiple times by interviewers that my portfolio is exactly what they need, but that they would like me to finish college first. This is the only reason I am still in school. In fact, I don't even like web design - I merely do it well and it pays, but I hate it.ÊEvery day is the same, I go to work and then to class. I eat, sleep and whittle away with my little hobbies such as video games, drawing, basketball and weightlifting. I am physically fit and quite athletic and make a decent income from my freelance work, but I don't see the point of it anymore, all it does is attract shallow girls who don't want a deep and meaningful relationship. I am tired of it, I am tired of being treated like what I am for a social standing.Last weekend, I went to an anime convention with friends in Houston. I hoped to be cheered up since I don't get to see them all the time and this would be a great chance to spend time with them. Everything was going great and we were having tons of fun. Then I met a girl... she was beautiful, smart and cheerful, her only problem was that she talked a lot, if that could even be considered a problem, since it complimented my usual silent and patient nature, I like to listen. I thought we were perfect for each other, and she thought so too - so we went on a date. We talked about our morals and our futures, which were very similar as if cut from the same cloth. We were both looking for a long-lasting relationship. She was perfect. Then out of nowhere, she asked me if I was a Christian, I am defined as an Atheist, but I really do not care about religion, merely living life - and because of that, she told me she couldn't date me unless I was Christian and even though we had the same morals, it would not work out because I had to be labelled a Christian.It hurt in the way she rejected me, it was the first time I had ever cried over a girl before, and there have been many before her. But the way she did it, made me feel lost and confused instead of my usual acceptance of the news, it made me really question my purpose in life. As of now, I live to work and survive... it is tiresome and I just want it all to end.I know I should not kill myself over this, because I have family and friends who still care about me. But it seems like this is the only way to end the suffering. I want to quit school, I want to quit everything, I just want to enjoy the people around me and find a girl who I can share the world with... but that's impossible with how the world works. What should I do...?