Confessions of a NihilistNom de plumeHi folks,This is my first time on a suicide forum and I thought I’d share my story. I’m an unmarried man in my mid-30’s. This is how I destroyed my life, nearly clawed it back and then lost it again.I was a pretty happy kid from a good family. But things began to go wrong in high school. My circle of friends got into drugs. This was the late 90’s and we were all involved in the underground dance party / rave scene. It was mostly marijuana, MDMA and also amphetamines. Most my friends didn’t develop any problems and now have happy and productive lives. I’m sorry to say I got into hard drugs.I was 19 and I met this absolutely beautiful 26-year-old girl and fell for her immediately. I thought she was so cool. She had lots of money and showered me with it. She drove a cool BMW sports car. We had a lot of fun. But she had problems.Right from the start she told me that she occasionally smoked heroin. Never injected it but vaporised it on foil and inhaled it. I got into it too and quickly got addicted. Then the supply became limited and it was much more expensive. I was desperate and began injecting so I could get enough of a hit for my money. I don’t know what I was thinking, I was so stupid at that age. I had so much going for me. Even with my drug problems I was a top student and expected to go on to university. I was totally infatuated with my girlfriend. If she’s okay I’ll be okay I thought. Besides, we were together and we’d get through it together. Then I found out where she got her money from. She was a prostitute. I was devestated.As I said, I was young, stupid and in love. I wanted to “save” her from prostitution. I now know that I was the one that needed saving. And she wasn’t being exploited by men. She was the one doing the exoiting. The truth is most men don’t go to prostitutes for sex. They go for affection because they’re lonely. A prostitute’s “regulars” are usually desperately lonely men being strung along for the money.Anyway, my girlfriend didn’t inject but I quickly became a hardcore addict. The track marks on my arm were obvious and permanent. I was ruined and my girlfriend knew it. She left me.Throughout my early 20’s I was an addict. Every day the same routine; money, score, fix, repeat. One day my dealer told me he only had “brown” heroin not the China White I’d always used. The brown heroin was full of raw opium and plant material and not safe to inject. I quickly destroyed all my accessable veins with it.By my mid-20’s I was starting to mature and wake up to myself. I got on methadone, got off heroin and started trying to reclaim my life. I had high hopes but I lived in constant fear and shame of people seeing my track marks. I still do. What makes it worse is I couldn’t date women because they’d see the track marks, freak and walk. I became a lonely man, desperate for the company of women. I still am. What makes it worse is women like me. I’m not a bad looking guy. Women would and do check me out and flirt with me. But I can’t date them because of my shameful past printed all over my arms. I’ve been wearing long sleeves for nearly 15 years. Whenever I see a doctor he finds out quickly and then his whole attitude changes and he treats me like a scumbag and thinks I’m lying about everything.Anyway, I even got off methadone and completely cleaned up. Although I’ve done some stupid things I’m not stupid. I went to uni and began a law degree. I dreamt of somehow getting rid of the trackmarks on my arms and becoming a successful man. I still couldn’t date and my loneliness and desperation increased.Then in my second year at uni my mother got cancer and I deferred my studies and moved back with her to look after her. She died a horrendously painful and drawn out death. It was very hard for me on my own. At the end I had to do everything for her; carry her in and out is the shower and toilet, dress her, cooking, cleaning etc.She battled on for four years and eventually succumbed. I had also suffered a number of fractured bones over that time and the doctors became concerned something was wrong. After some tests they found out I had severe osteoporosis. Very severe. My bones were already so weak that I broke several vertebrae in my back without any trauma. They simply crumbled. Then I broke my leg really badly and as I have no immediate family alive I had and have no one to look after me. I was in hospital for six weeks because I couldn’t go home in a wheelchair. I have stairs in my apartment.It’s very unusual for someone so young to have osteoporosis. They discovered it was caused by a benign(non-cancerous) tumour in my neck affecting my thyroid gland. None of the Doctors would give me any real idea of what to expect but after researching it myself I discovered that there is no reversing my bone damage. Not only that, but I can only expect a very long and incredibly painful and drawn out death fracture by fracture as my bones and spine disintegrate. And with no one to care for me my future looks bleak indeed.It’s also terribly embarrassing for every doctor to find out about my IV drug using past. I’m so ashamed. They’re manner changes so markedly when they find out.And so here I am now in my apartment alone at 1AM in the morning typing this out. One of the worst things for me is my loneliness. I don’t really like spending much time with my mates. What I really, desperately need is affection and love from a woman. I miss that more than anything. I’ve done stupid things like pick up beautiful women in clubs and bars and then of course chicken out before we have sex.I know what you’re thinking. Surely an understanding woman would accept me. But it’s too late now anyway. My osteoporosis has progressed to the point where I’m in constant chronic pain. I can’t take effective painkillers because the only ones that really work are opiates like morphine, heroin, oxycodone etc. and that’s what I used to be addicted to.I’m now at the stage where I am constantly in pain and everyday activities are extremely difficult. I just want end it all. And the lonliness and longing for a woman is awful. It’s not the sex. It’s being loved and desired, cuddling, gazing into her eyes. I miss that more than anything. And what makes it worst of all is that I’m still a tall, dark, good looking guy who gets attention from women. That gives me false hope all the time. I guess it’s strange to be fixated on women when my real problem is a chronic illness and pain.That’s my story. First time I’ve told it to anyone.