My boredom is killing mei'm 18 years old and I've been bored my entire life, playing videogames, wasting time on the internet and listening to music are 99% of the things i do when i have free time. Going out with the very few "friends" i have left in this depression trip doesn't really make me happy either unless i get really drunk, but that still makes me feel miserable in the end anyways.A month ago i even got in touch with a girl via a friend online, she told me i was pretty and all of that good shit and it made me kinda happy, it's easy to text a ":)" or write "hahaha" but after agreeing to meet each other we said nearly nothing and both just sat there. i could just feel her disappointment in me and i wanted to die on the place, but i really don't blame her. i kinda knew this would happen but i followed everybodys genius tips "put your bad mood aside and go for it man", if only it was this simple to just put it away. anyways, i told her i'm depressed the day after that and that it's for her best we don't see each other again because i'll only bring her negativity and sadness. She asked if i needed her help but i didn't really know what to say to that, i wish i could be helped...well, a week ago i saw on her facebook shes seeing another guy and they seemed happy, it made me shed a little tear, i wish i could be the guy to make her smile, but shes better off without me.i don't think i can ever fix this, i've lost nearly all my friends and making new just doesn't work out anymore, my motivation is gone and i can't remember the last time i truly enjoyed myself.And meanwhile i'm just sitting at home doing the same thing over and over and over again, everything has lost it's fun and i just want an end to this boring existence of me.The worst part is, i know tons of people that do no more than i do, but they just are okay and happy with their lives, and when we went out together they kept talking about it like they had the best time of their lives and meanwhile i wasalways like "meh".All of this is just in my head, but i can't get it out.





Choose wisely?Middle school is coming to it's end and 5 months from now I need to make a choice that probably will affect the rest of my life. I need to choose a field to study in that interests me, and most of you already see it coming... Nothing interests me.This isn't only affecting my studies, it's taking over my life, or it already did. I'm bored every day and I just have no interest in doing anything.But I'm probably not the only one who has been through all this right? Well I've looked up and the basic answer I got is that I'll have to take a job that I don't like but try to make the best of it and fill in your free time with things you do like to do so you still have fun in your life.Not a real bright future for me; A man that hates his job and comes home everyday just to be bored in his couch and fills brain with all the nonsence of the television.Enough people live like this and for some reason they don't seem to care much, but I can assure you that I do not want to live like this.Sometimes I wish I could be a kid again and get a feeling of excitement and true joy just one more time like on birthday parties or when you got a new toy/video game and you had to wait till school was out to play it.those memories make me cry each night, now I won't even celebrate my 18th birthday, I have nothing to live for.