ÊI've finally broken.First off I wanna apologies for run on sentences that will probably have no direction or make much sense I'm just typing as things come to mind so bare with me.I used to pride myself with the fact that nothing in life would ever be able to break me I thought I was too mentally tough to let that happen but that day has finally come.I've been completely alone and have had nothing for years and I was able to shrug it off and not worry and just focus on working at my job, i knew in the back of my head that being alone was getting to me but I figured if I ignore it it'll go away, I purposely avoided interaction with people when possible for years until recently I met a girl where I work who I had my eye on but kept my distance and then she kept talking to me and slowly I started talking to her more and more and then I asked her out and we had dinner together and it was then when it hit me HARD just how lonely I really am, we've gone out twice now and I really like her a lot but I'm not sure if she feels the same way / she might be moving to a different state. Now I'm not complaining about a girl what my problem is I'm just sick and tired of constant disappointment in my life, I didn't realize how much of my sanity has gone away from being stuck within myself for so long. I went from not caring about having anything to having borderline panic attacks from fear of being by myself any longer it's worse than death, I go to bed every night begging and praying I don't wake up the next day and wake up in the morning wondering if today's the day, I fight the urge to do it 24/7 but I'm not sure how much fight I've got left. I realize I'm pathetic and a loser but it just seems whenever I find someone or something to give me motivation to keep going it quickly goes away and maybe this is just proof I've lost it but I swear god or something is doing this to me as a joke. I know there's people who have it way worse than me but this is just a weight I can't carry anymore the constant reminder that I have absolutely no one is terrifying to me now. I can handle the rest of lifes burdens but I'm just finding myself begging to have at least someone, It scares the living hell out of me to feel solitude drive me to insanity. I honestly can't think of much more to say other than I know how pathetic I look and sorry if this post is hard to follow.