WhyI can't take this anymore. Every time i try it just gets worse. Living with my family is worse. They don't care and i am the one who has to do everything. I have a father that is a drug addict even though my mom doesn't say it. He has a disease but wants a pill every 10 seconds and doesn't even take care of himself. The pill is his life. She only got with him because of money. She slept with an old man when she was young and then got pregnant at 18 with my sibling and then she left him. She said she was on birth control but she probably lied to get money because they were married. Then she met my dumb dad had me and other siblings. He was a drunk, a cheapskate, and didn't care about us. He was never a step dad to my sibling no wonder why she is the way sheis. No wonder why we are they way we are. They got a cheap trailer for us to live in and they got a bigger room with a door to be disgusting behind. So we were cramped in a small as room. Ever since I was young i wanted to die. I would punch myself to lift the pain. There was no privacy to cry or even do homework no one cared. We never went on vacations because we were poor and my dad was cheap. We didnt even do any little things that were free. My dad didnt even have a real job which he could of gotten one but he is so lazy and never cared about us. When my mom finally got a job we went to daycare. My dad was dumb and couldn't watch us and probably would hurt us because he would like to drink. My mom left him a couple times and then we went back. She was so stupid because he was a jerk a bad father and he never cared for us. I was made fun of at school my whole life for some things and they never cared. I told them what happens everyday and theyboth laughed at me. That was in 9th grade. I am now out of highschool and life is horrible. I was going to get an apartment with my sister but she would rather live with her boyfriend than me. I am stuck here. I can't even work because I am sick and I tried going back a couple of times but kept getting sick and went to the doctors a couple of times without insurance. I can't even afford to pay them back. If i do get a job I wont be able to afford insurance or anything. I am never going to be able to leave and we have animals that need to be taken care of and my siblings left and dont care about them. I hate life I cant take it my family doesnt care. The house is falling apart and its my job to get a new one when I get a job. But I dont get paid enough to be able to get a mortgage my moms credit sucks and she never pays herbills because she buys pills for my dad. My relatives cant help and they dont care. My siblings that left dont care either. I amstuckand will never be able to leave. No one cares to help. This house is a mess and i have to do everything and they eat all the food. They dont care. We have bugs we cant get rid of because people cant take care of their old food and are lazy annd my mom just says to stop whining but they dont help me. She doesnt make my sibling do anything he gets to do what he wants. My dad sleeps all day and is too lazy to doanything and eats like a maniac same with my brother. I am never going to be able to leave and afford my own place, car, bills and more.She makes me do everything and I have to get a house. They will just mess it up my dad and sibling dont care. There is no reason to live. There is no way for me to leave. I dont want to because of the animals but I have no help. My siblings dont care at least they can afford a place. I never will. There is no hope or help for me. I don't know why I get out of bed for the day because it no longer matters. I am going no where.n