Lonely and stuckI.L.I’m 25 years old, very soon I will be 26, and I have accomplished nothing with my life. I realize that a lot of it has to do with my laziness and unwillingness to improve myself, but even with this realization, when I think of trying to change my life for a better future, all I can see is a continuation of disappointment and pain.When I was a kid, I always felt anxious, pessimistic, and constantly felt like there was something wrong with me. All of this, plus the fact that I was socially awkward, ensured that I had very few friends. Looking back, they weren’t really friends but only acquaintances who bothered hanging out with me because they felt sorry for me. The fact that I was the weird, loner kid nobody liked is driven home whenever I bump into anyone I knew from elementary/high school. They walk away from me without a word, even though I say hi, or spend a few awkward moments chatting with me while it’s evident they want me to leave, so I do so.Growing up, I told my mom about my loneliness, but she always brushed it off, telling me that friends didn’t matter in the long run and to focus on my studies. I didn’t listen to her and did pretty poorly in high school. I only got into university because I pulled off a few high grades in senior year. When I got into university, I thought everything would be different, but I was still the same anxious, socially awkward mess. I had no friends, I didn’t focus on my studies, and I ended up with a useless degree with low grades.I’m now working at an office job I really hate. My anxiety hasn’t gotten better and I’m now depressed to the point of suicidal thoughts. My depression has made me really slow and dumb that my co-workers and boss think I’m stupid. The only reason I haven’t gotten fired is that my company has such a high turnover rate, they can’t afford to fire people. I put in more work hours than necessary to avoid making mistakes, but I still make them and get yelled at. I’m trying to look for another job, but I don’t have a good resume or good references, even though I’ve been at my company for over 1.5 years, none of my supervisors would be good references.I still have no friends, my life is just going to work and going home. I still live with my parents and unfortunately, it looks like I will be for rest of my life as they are both getting old and experiencing health problems. I think about going out and socializing more to improve my social skills, but what little socializing I’ve done always emphasizes how socially awkward I am. The people I hang out with point out the dumb stuff I say or my flaws, I try to laugh them off, but it’s not working.I really want to have a better future. A career/job I enjoy doing, having close friends, making enough money to get rid of the debt my parents have accumulated, even getting married. But when I think of the steps I will have to take to reach this future, all I see is me getting stuck in another job I hate and I’m incompetent at, meeting a bunch of people without connecting with a single one of them, and ending up with a lot of disappointments and failures. I keep spiraling into depressing and suicidal thoughts, I know my suffering is really minor compared to others’ experiences, but this just makes me feel even more useless and depressed. What’s stopping from me committing suicide is that my parents would be alone and devastated, how painful dying would be, and the bodily damage I would suffer if my suicide attempt is unsucessful.It really helps that there are people out there going through very similar things as I am. I just need to know that there’s a way for me to move on from this low point in my life. What can I do to keep going and reach my goals?