Please read. I want you guys to know.D.J.GMe as an 8th grader, have experienced just the beginning of this cruel, stupid world. It all started when I was in 2nd grade, and I wore my hair half up and half down. A girl name Lucy started making fun of me, and then before I knew it, I was getting bullied everyday. Kids tripped me, called me a freak, weirdo, loser. It was unbearable. At the end of that year, lets see I was 8 at the time, my mom started dating a new guy since before I was even born my parents got divorced. His name was Jake, and it always seemed like he had an eye on me. He was 32 and he always gave me a look, I can’t really describe it, it was just a look. One night a few weeks later, things got weird. He would come in and he would kiss me goodnight, but he would gently rub my chest(where my boobs are now) like he was expecting me to react in some way. I would just say goodnight and roll over. Trying to shake it off. But every night he would always come in and do something weird. Sometimes he would caress my hair, other times he would gently touch my butt over and over again. As an 8 year old, I had no idea what was going on, and I didn’t want to tell anyone because my mom, was very happy. She always smiled, and I liked that. So I did myself to keep her that way. Well, Jake disappeared for a few weeks. Didn’t come back until the next time my mom had to work late. It was like he did it on purpose. Before my mom left, she yelled at him for being gone so long and then she soon headed off for work. Next thing I know, Jake is in my room with rope, and only his boxers on. He asked me nicely to lay on the bed and put my arms and legs outspread. I did as I was asked because He might’ve soon became my dad. I heard Jake talking about marrying my mom. Like I said previously I wanted her happy. Well, after I lied down, he quickly took one of my hands and tied it to the bed. Trying to make sure I didn’t get away. Then the other arm, and both of my legs. Then he slowly pulled down my pants, and his boxers I guess to get a good angle, and well……. He did what he wanted….. I was tied and helpless, and I didn’t know what to do. 4 hours it was like that. Him on top of me, every so often taking drinks of water. After that, all I remember was cops showing up and my mom saying she was sorry for everything. Turns out, I wasn’t the only girl he ever did that to. He was sentenced in jail for 8 years, with the felony of selling drugs too. The next year, I moved to a different school district because I couldn’t stand going back to the school that picked on me in 3rd grade. I started going to this school and I didn’t fit in very well. People thought I was dumb and stupid, and should get the H*** out of their school. I only had few friends. It was that way for the next year or so, then over the summer, I changed. I lost weight, I grew a few inches, and I had better, cleaner clothes. When we returned to school I got a lot more friends and some of them I thought I could actually trust. I told one of them my story about Jake and my mom, and what happened and the next day I go to school, everyone looked at me differently. I got random notes in my locker calling me a slut, and a whore, and that I enjoyed what Jake did to me. As I walked down the hallways to lunch they would laugh and say “I can’t believe she isn’t a virgin.” It all went downhill from there. My old friends started leaving, I had some kids that would trip me and knock my books out of my hands in the hallways coming from the library. Then they started slapping and punching me every time they seen me. I would come home with bruises all over my body and wouldn’t know what to say to explain what happened. I went through the rest of the school year like that. Having no idea what would happen next year.My parents eventually told me they were done. 7th grade they plopped me in another school district and things were perfect. I was happy and felt great there, and I had a bunch of friends. But I never told them anything personal, scared that they would tell someone. But the problems and the bad news doesn’t stop there. One of the kids at the school spread a rumor about me saying I sucked a guys d***. I never did that, never have, never will. The same thing that happened at the other school happened here except I went without getting hit by people. I met new friends to fill in for the friends I lost and then the cutting start. I still have scars to prove it. I always liked the way blood felt on my skin rushing down my arm to hit the ground. It relieved some of the pain I was feeling inside. It made me feel great. Eventually, my parents caught me one night in the bathtub. My thighs were slit to all get out and my arms had very few but they were deep cuts. They sent me to the hospital for 2 weeks. Taking me out of school. When I got back everyone felt bad for me. But I ignored everyone for the rest of that year.8th grade year(The beginning for the year situation):I am a 13 year old girl now, I do have scars of the pain, and many more than I did last year as a 7th grader. I have tried to commit suicide 10 times in a week for four weeks. 4o times altogether. I do not cut anymore. I did earlier this year though. But then again, who said falling in love was easy.(No one did but it is a pain in the A** and hurts like h*** when they leave you for another sh*** girl.) I have been suicide free for a total of 4 months and I have been cut free for 6 months. I am proud of myself, but the thing that is getting me right now, is still the fact that my ex cheated on me with another girl and never even cared for me.Today(May, 12, 2015)I am a happy girl, I was put on depression medication for a few weeks but got taken off because my personality has drastically improved. I have not been in a hospital other than for my surgery on my knee all year. My scars, yes are there on the surface of my skin, but you can barely notice them unless you are looking very closely. I like to swim, dance, sing, write, and play softball. Which are my current hobbies. I have 15 best friends and three really close friends I can tell anything to and know they will understand. I have written a book with a little bit of personal experience about life and love. I am overall, just a better person, and I am better. I am happy, I smile a lot, and I enjoy and take life the way it is. Thank you for reading. If you want to reply or comment by my guest and I will answer your questions.