 My life feels so dark.Not sure where to start.... I dropped out of high school my senior year due to depression and intrusive irrational thoughts. Three years later and i'm still the same person i've always been, i'm a short 5'6 male and a failure. I used to believe that looks were all that mattered in life due to a halo effect which not only got you women but everyone else would want to be around you and perceive you in a certain light but now that has all changed. I now believe that all that matters in life is intelligence and obviously since I dropped out of high school to get my GED I've pieced together all of the statistics and have come to the conclusion that i'm a complete moron. I'll never be able to experience what it is to have a higher level of thinking, to be able to succeed in anything I want to do. Due to my most likely low IQ it seems that I am doomed to a life of complete and utter mediocrity and there's no way to change what genetics have given you.On top of all of this i'm lazy and my life seems to always race around in a circle. I know the saying "the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results." but I TRY to get out there and socialize.. Hell, i'm a cashier at a super busy store and talk to so many people a day but yet I still feel hate and anger towards myself. I'm 21 years old without even a lick of college and on top of that I've never had a girlfriend and i'm a complete pushover. I'm a decent looking guy but there's no way i'll ever end up with a woman i'm actually attracted to. This is something private but I even get off to the thought of a woman rejecting me because she isn't attracted to me because i'm to short and not good looking enough for her. I love the feeling of rejection and sadness because if it weren't for those things i'd feel nothing at all. I love nothing more than to listen to depressing music and reminisce on old memories and times when people have walked all over me and made me feel terrible.To the outside world I look like I have it all together... it's the perfect secret. I'm a good looking, "charming" guy with a bright future ahead of me, what could go wrong? I was even talking to this girl at work a couple of months ago and we started talking about stress, etc and I told her "everyone has their problems". She then replied "but you're picture perfect!". How wrong she was. Whenever i'm tired, everyone assumes I was probably out partying but the truth is I never party or drink.. I just truly can't sleep at night. I have no self confidence. I've been boiled all the way to my lowest point and have said nothing to the person that oppressed me. If I was to be rejected by a woman right now that would surely make me want to contemplate ending my life.I really don't know where to go from here, I've been in a struggling battle with myself for 5 years and now I have to see my brother take this really cute girl to prom... I never had a girl to take to prom as I was a 230 lb chubby guy and now i'm a 165 lb overweight guy(5'6). I'm a mixed Caucasian and Arabic kid and that just makes me feel as though I don't fit in to either category. I've never fit in with other kids and people have always found ways to take advantage of me once they find out how much of a people pleaser I truly am at heart. Now all I do is just sit at home watching youtube just seeing the time pass by and how much of my life and youth I've wasted. I'm a literal nut job and surely don't deserve the life I'm living but i'm too deep in myself to do anything about it... every day gets worse and worse.