REALLY, who cares?I have not posted here in almost a year. Part of it has been due to the chronic feelings of futility I tend to experience, which usually ends in my bottling my feelings until I want t hurt myself. More often than not, my posting here is kind of like a last resort before I decide no one cares and I give up trying to reach out until I feel like I am on the edge once again. I guess that is where I am right now, otherwise I would not be here. But, broken record that I am, I do not know what to do anymore and I have no idea when I will finally break.My 29th birthday was on Monday and there was nothing happy about it. Ever since I was 25, I have experienced this irrational feelng that my life is over. 25 may as well equal 75 so I may as well be in the ground now. Well, I guess I don't have to express how I feel this year. But it would not be so upsetting for me to be this age if I had some semblance of my own life. But I don't. I have nothing of my own. I live at home with my mother because my only friend betayed me last summer by literally kicking me on the street and leaving me to rot. I have had to move back home and honestly Mom is in zo much poverty that she has needed EVERY CENT I MAKE. That in itself would not depress me so much if it were not for the fact that every time I save any money for myself, she gets extremely angry at me. As if I have no right to keep any. And then I feel greedy and disgusting. I get treated like a child here, too. Not just by her, but by my YOUNGER siblings of all people. What little dignity I have is quickly being stripped away by the constant verbal abuse being heaped on me by the people who are supposed to love me. I get no say in my own life, I get no privacy or respect and no matter how kuch I speak up, nothing ever changes. I don't drive or have a car so leaving is not an option. I constantoy dream of just walking out the door and not looking back but that is not really a possibility. I have pets that would probably be sent to the humane society if I left and I would die before I let that happen to tgem just because I want out.ÊI also have somewhat of a substance abuse problem, according to my brothers. I have struggled with insomnia since I was 16 and over the last seven years or so have needed to take medication to help. They have decided that I do not have sleep difficulties even though I have been to several doctors about it and have had to take several prescription medications to help me sleep, otherwise I will stay awake for days. My family knows this. They have seen how I am without sleep and yet everyone decides to go alo g with my 20year old brother when HE decides I do not need medication. He says it is because he thinks I sleep too much on my days off. Well there is a reason for that as well. On weeknights when Ihave to work the next day, my brain has trouble shutting down. I have gone three to four nights without more than five hours of sleep total. So yes, when I get a day off, I crash because I am exhausted. Not to mention, my depression has gone untreated for so long and has gotten so bad, why woyld I WANT to be awake when don't have to be? I have no reason to want to stay awake or even alive. I have no friends in the world and no one to talk to. I have no way out of this situation and every attempt to ask for help regarding my mental state goes ignored. My life has stopped and I feel so worthless. I cannot be in this same situation this same time next year. If I am, then I will not have a choice. I either have to literally walk out of the door and take my chances ON FOOT with only the clothes on my back or I have to give up because nothing will ever change and I will die like this, living in my mother's house being bossed around by my younger siblings until they get to leave to start their lives. They aren't being guilted into staying at home like I am. I feel I should mention that. The boys get to do as they please and always have. My 26 year old brother gets to drink himself stupid if he wants and she even buys the liquor for him! But if I buy a $5 dvd for myself because I work 12 hours a day cleaning houses and I think I have earned it, suddenly I'm selfish and catch hell for it?I cannot do this much more. If this is all my life is ever going to be then I do not want it anymore. I am exhausted and alone and scared. I just need something to change but I don't know what to do. I just can't contnue on like this being ignored like my feelings don't matter. I need help...