I don't want to go, but I don't have the strength to keep goingWhitneyI asked myself what my purpose was today. I’ve nearly died a handful of times just to recover and be okay again. Struggling and clawing my way through a life that was HANDED to me. I took it all for granted and thought I was really struggling then. Now I’m 26. I just lost my job. Rents due at the end of the month. I’m already behind on my car payment. I feel like I’ve been sucked into a world of depression and hopelessness. My four year old loves me and I know she does, but I’m probably a shitty mother. I’m so worn. I’m so tired. I’m so sick of worrying about how the hell I’m going to pay for groceries or to put gas in my car. I’m tired of worrying about being fired because I’m a single parent who has to stay home with my baby if she’s sick, so I’ll be missing work. I’m so tired of it all. I sit in my apartment trying to appreciate the things I do have, but I can’t help but override that thought with looking at the things that will be taken away from me very soon if I can’t get a job to make ends meet AGAIN. Where is my place in this world? Why haven’t I found it. Why on earth am I having to suffer in silence? No one knows what I want to do to be free from all of this. This is actually the first time I’ve ever made a written statement about wanting out of life. What’s so ironic is my brother in law committed suicide in February and it hurt down to the core because no one knew why. Now I get it. I do not need his reasons why anymore. It still sucks and it doesn’t seem real, but I don’t need the reasons anymore. I feel as though I’m getting one step closer to the edge each day. One more step away from being away from financial struggle, one more step away from having your daughter permanently with her dad who has his shit together 24/7. It’s super human shit. Or maybe I’m just not normal. One more step away from leaving the sadness and terror I feel each night that I’m not going to make it. That I am going to disappoint the people who were the ones who said I couldn’t do what I have achieved and now that I’ve lost it I’ll be the disappointing one again. I’m already there. I’m disappointed in myself. Not that I believe anyone is going to read the crap I’m rambling on about, but how unhappy do I need to be before it becomes overwhelming and I have the guts to just go. I don’t know if I ever will. Maybe tonight. Maybe tomorrow. Maybe never. The though looms over my head during these times that happen far too often for me. Lord, I’m tired of clawing my way through life. I’ve been prayin’, but maybe I’m just not praying the right things. I need answers that I’ll never get. I’m in pain and I’m scared. I don’t need anymore reason than that.Then I think I’m selfish. Why not have the entire world pile on top of me and let me drown in my own pity or my own pitiful excuse for a person that I am. I’m afraid. I’m so afraid. My little girl deserves more than what I’m doing. I try so hard. I’ve tried so hard. I don’t get breaks like her dad does. I don’t get second chances. I’m just a failure of a person who really fucking tried. I tried. A lot. More than I felt like trying, I tried. I’m done now. I can cry and write all I want. I’m just done.