I feel blue and I am sickI noticed some things make my depression and suicidal mood come back more stronger than it ever was.It's binging and being sick.I am sick with the flu second time in the last 2 months. I have aches all over my body, pain in my chest and severe sore throat. I can't lay still in bed, my mind can't make peace with the fact that the time is not being used productively. My roommate is adding to the pain. She doesn't talk much to me, I get every word out of her like she is doing me a favor. This time she asked one time how I was feeling, but didn't care to ask if I needed anything. Last time I was sick, she didn't even ask once how I was feeling. I went to the store to buy food and was cooking for myself with fewer and she didn't offer to help.I deeply hate her. It didn't happen often to me, when I had zero sympathy to a person, and hated from the bottom of my heart, like I hate her. We live together for 6 months and 95% of the time I regret the decision that I moved in with her.Laying in bed, lonely and sick, makes me wish to just have a turn off button, to fall asleep and never wake up to this bullshit again.Again....Everything seems pointless.5 am, I woke up for no reason. I feel anxiety and depression again to the point where I am about to panic.Last night everything seemed ok. A few events were upsetting, but I didn't think it was a big deal.This morning when I suddenly woke up, thoughts of old friends that cut me off from their lives because they moved on to the &quot;next level&quot;, the pain from it, frustration and loneliness are spinning in my mind. I want to cry and scream from the pain of betrayal from people that I thought were like my family. How could they dismiss me like that? What have I done to be thrown out like something used and not needed anymore? Was I just a stepping stone, is it all I am worth? Am I not worth to be loved and cared for by anybody?I remember how I always used to be strong and ambitious, I had so many ideaswho I could become and everybody thought I would be a successful person one day. I am nothing like that anymore and I haven't become anything.I look in the mirror and I don't recognize a person there. My voice is weak, I walk with my neck sunked in my shoulders and I can't bear a straight eye contact, I feel like a looser.Something inside of me broke 2 years ago and I can't repair it, I don't know where I can go to find the strength. Feels like there is no more place for me on this earth, there is no other person than my mom who cares to know if I am even alive.People walked on me and used me so much that when I meet anybody, I can't let them get to know me.I am so scattered I don't know where to start getting myself back together and then I think: what's the point.I am 29. The best years that I could have, I will never have a chance to relive them again. This 2 years were wasted, they were lost in the darkness of depression and loneliness.Even if my situation ever improve, I will always have a scar on my heart, I will never be able to be happy, like I could before this happened to me. I don't know what is wrong with meLast couple months were somewhat ok. I was doing something, working on my projects, hanging out with some people, dating... felt like things were moving around.Suddenly, this sadness or madness came on me again with the beginning of new period. I don't know if it's lasting PMS or if the sign about what day it started is coming true (they say if period started on wednesday, the whole month will be spent in tears) or just me thinking about it and believing this sign.I am not happy. Not happy with myself, I keep binging and just can't stay away from sugar, not happy with the way the whole dating went. There were 5-6 guys I was talking to at the same time and ended with none, because none of them were a good fit for me, it was disappointing. I am very reserved because of pastexperiences, and no one is patient with me.Not happy with my body, I gained couple more pounds and this is devastating.I don't know where to start. I can't keep a diet and try to hang out with some people and work tons of hours at the same time.I don't know how to put priorities in order. My job is about to end, that's why I can't sacrifice it now, I have to work as much as possible to save money for the day it ends. At the same time, I have to think about what I am going to do after?! But my body is sooo important to me, if I don't like myself, I am just all around negative and spill the negativity wherever I go. I have to keep some type of diet and stop binging I feel like running in circles without any results. I know I am the one who has to make a tremendous effort to make a change (lose weight, get another job/second job, go through with some guy and see if it works), BUT I DON'T have any power, energy, enthusiasm, excitement....I just want to lay in my bed and get up only to eat. How to get excited? Where to get this energy?? I need somebody, but I can't get anybody in a condition like this.Right now I hate myself. I make myself sick Should I try weight loss program? Should I start class for a second job I was thinking about? I wish I could just die and not have to deal with any of that.