I Want To Be Good Enoughthe_lonely_ladybuggHi everyone. I’m a 21 (I’ll be 22 next month) year old female. For as long as I can remember I have never been truly happy. Even as a small child. Don’t get me wrong there were happy moments but when they were over I would fall back into the darkness. My parents tried the best they could to get me all the help out there. Been seeing proffessionals since I was 9. That’s when the thoughts of wanting to die began. But it seems after seeing countless therapists, psychiatrists, counselurs, medicine changes that nothing is going to work. I have always struggled with being good enough for people. Whether is was for family, school, friends, boyfriends. But I always end up fucking up. I know that everything bad that has happened to me is my fault and that if I was a good person it wouldn’t have happened. I’ve been emotionaly abused, molested, raped, in abusive and degrading relationships. If I were a good enough person none of it would of happened. Everyone says that I should love myself. I’ve tried to but I just can’t get past all of the things that are wrong with me. There are dreams and goals I want to achieve in life but I have this fear that I wont be good enough to do them. I want to find love one day but I very highly doubt I will because theres too much wrong with me for anyone to love. I want to have children because I love kids but Im afraid to have any because I don’t think I would be a good enough mother to them. Everyday I feel like I am a disappointment to myself and those around me. I think about dying just about every day. If it weren’t for the fact that my family and few friends would be very hurt if I did it has kept me from trying again. (last year I hung myself and it worked for a minute and then the belt broke and I fell and busted my ass and hit my head so I was like fuck this I will try again tomorrow which didn’t happen because I was admitted to the hospital the next day) It seems like whatever it is I fall short of. Im not smart enough, im not cool enough, im not pretty enough, im not skinny enough, im not rich enough, im not fast enough, etc. etc. etc. Im tired of being a failure and let down and don’t see my life getting any better. So whats the point of living if i will never be good enough???