Can't give up?!I don't know where to start... I'm 25 and I missed every opportunity in life that I ever had.. I was born in a war time in my country.. My parents were completely disfunctional. When I was little we moved to live with my grandparents (dad's side) and they completely separated me from my mother.. She was working all day, and she was "wrong" nationality for many people in my country including my grandparents and honestly they had really bad attitude (they were also one of the people who needed to have biggest fcking house in the neighbourhood and best car, and are very close minded) which ofcourse I couldn't understand because was so little... After that I had pretty much happy childhood, I never saw problems with my family because I was taken good care of.. I was good at school, always surrounded by cutest girls, I was great talent in many sports, and always had plenty of cash because family bussines was going great and we were one of the rare midle class families in our country.. I visited almost every country in Europe with my sports team, was really popular (but honestly also very arrogant, and I was bullying many people, alway wanted to prove I'm the best). Than it started to happening, I was like 16 when big problems for me began and it is just road to hell since then. My plan was to get sports scholarship in America, and to start my own life which was my goal since I was like 12 or so.. I started everything very young, I mean stuff like having sex, drinking, smoking weed, and never had to work hard over nothing.. Expectancy for my future were over the roof by every single person who knew me, and I don't know why was it, but I was obviously talented in many ways.. Then one day it happened, I started to having problems with my throat during trainings and couldn't train or compete at all for some time... I was basically beging my father to help me, to take mo to doctors or anything but his theory was that I was just lazy to do anything with my life and that im making everything up, so I just stopped with sports.. It was very bad story with my health but I it would be too long to write everything... However to make long story short, after that I droped out from 2 high schools.. Start drinking heavily.. Obviously I haven't been that attractive to girls anymore, or that popular even though I had bunch of friends which were trying to lift me up (eventualy I stopped answering their calls so they gave up on me too), because of that I became very depresed... When I got my car, I finally discovered my health issues but back than I already thought It was to late for me.. I got some hobbies which were keeping me alive, like gamlbing, learning languages (spanish and italian for many years ; obviously not english, lol) and driving around in my car.. Actualy after some time people thought I'm pro gambler because I was very good at it and had plenty of cash.. My life was started to be hectic, there where 2 persons inside me... One of them was taking drugs, abusing medications, drinking like a monster and doing all types of crazy things.. Things you couldn't even see in movies like Hangover or The Wolf of Wall Street.. And another one which was all alone in a dark room, looking at the photos of some prety girls and listening to some stupid love songs.. Of course my health suffered big time over that, and now there is no organ in my body that works like it should, especially my digestive system(I dont even think I have one anymore), also I have huge issues with insomnia (sometimes I don't sleep for 5 days or so than I just faint after some time).....(ps If someone wondered combination of mononucleosis and heavy gastritis made me stop doing sports (most important thing in my live) when my family was telling nothing is wrong with me)... 3 years ago I was at one of my friends house just drinking (only guys) when he got called by 2 girls and they came over.. Everyone wanted one of them, she was very prety but not really my type.. However I" had" to prove to everyone that I'm still the best and I got that girls that I didn't even like.. After few months she seemed like a nice person so I started dating her.. Aftermath.. I'm living with her for 2 years now, I'm convincing myself that I love her.. but honestly I kind of think she's a bitch, and that I would never end up with her if things havent turned this way (also I had problems with local "mobsters" over her and her disgusting past.. Things aren't that bad because I'm actualy beeing nice to her and protective and she helped me to finish low-grade high school and I'm few months away from finishing good school actualy.. Now back to money, Ive had really massive winning streak in gambling until I mentaly lost it (again) and lost 5 biggest bets of my life due to alcohol and abuse of some medicine (losses were huge by any standards, I could've buy like 3 houses and 2 cars with that money).. After that I found out family bussines runed by my father is in huuuuuuuuuge debt.. So he employed me to "help" me with my money issues but honestly he thought I'll help him.. I don't know how would I do that because I was never in bussines world before(ps I havent show up at work for 7 months now, still geting paycheck) .. So basicaly I'm fcked.. I tried to kill myself once by driving my car into a wall with speed of 120 kmh+ but nothing happened except my car went to junk yard and everyone thought it happened only because I was wild driver.. which honestly I am..I don't think if I see any hope in my life anymore.. I'm not kid anymore.. My dream is not to have a Ferrari and bunch of latina girls around anymore.. But my goal to live peaceful life with someone that I love unconditionally, to have my health and my sports routine back, and to have an opportunity to work something that I like, and to make a real man out of myself seems far far away..I guess I'm hopeless romantic , big bastard and unluckiest guy on the planet combination....