Very anxious about my current situation....Hello my name’s Emma , I know this is not technically SA related and sorry if this sounds stupid and paranoid at all but I have very severe anxiety (My doctor thinks it’s escalated to avoidant personality disorder from social anxiety) and I wasn’t sure who I could turn to. I am 22 and I lost my virginity on the 5th of April to my then-boyfriend. Both on that instance and the next day I made sure that he wore condoms as I wasn't on BC. I got my period on tenth April and as far as I can recall it was a regular flow and of normal length, so I know that I am probably NOT pregnant but this month my period has not arrived on time ( only by a day so far but it doesn't ease my anxiety and currently there are none of the usual PMS signs I have).I've not been feeling well physically for the past few days, such as having hot and cold flashes and as I am in the last two weeks of 2nd year of university, assignment stress is making me really on edge and messing up my sleep cycle and such and my mum has commented that I don’t look well, so I'm thinking that my period may be late due to the stress of this.However my mind keeps over thinking things and it definitely doesn't help reading up on symptoms that I've been having because, I'm sure you can relate, anxiety makes us think we have everything, and I've also read it was possible for the mind to trick your body into thinking you're pregnant when you're not.I was just wondering if it was possible whether anyone had ever been in a similar situation? I'm not sure whether to take a pregnancy test if my period does not come in a few days, and this is making me even more anxious as I am not in a good situation mentally/financially etc.. I had a quick look at the tests in Boots just in case to make sure I knew where they were but even then I was paranoid that would someone see and question me if I do end up having to buy one (Doesn’t help that my friend works there) Really sorry for the long ramble I appreciate any help/advice that anyone can give to help me ease my mind.... Thank you!!!