Please Help.Hello, im 19 years old and currently believe I am dealing with anxiety. Before all of this happened I was living a happy life, going to the beach as many days I could with good friends, getting bigger and stronger even wanted to train to enter a powerlifting meet, getting decent grades at school. I felt like I was on top of the world. Little over a year ago I had my first few what I believe to be panic attacks. One day I was surfing and my heart started racing. It didn't feel like a regular pump from exercising. The next day the same thing happened during dinner, and the day after that at the gym. The ones at the beach bothered me but I was okay. When the dinner one happened I kind of froze up and let the restaurant immediately and went home. I awoke the next day went to the gym and it happened again so I left the gym and went home where my mom took me to the ER. The doctors at the ER said nothing as wrong, they took blood, did a EKG, and all kind of other stuff. I went to many more doctors after that heart, nerve doctors, etc. They all found nothing was wrong.Somthing I did notice tho was the day that I went to dinner from the moment I woke up I felt a little weird. I noticed that every kind of light was bothering me. I would see glares from any light source at any time day or night. The days to follow after the ER I would have a hard time sleeping I would have head aches and the same vision problem. So skipping way ahead to the present now I have not had that heart feeling much anymore or if so I never noticed, but this visual problem, and feeling like your in a dream has never gone away through this whole period. As I said I was one that would be at the beach or gym every day of my life If I could. But now I havnt been surfing in nearly 4 months now, havnt been to the gym for almost a year, however I did go back a few times after the incident as I thought I would just have to try and push through it. I dropped out of collage because I could not stay in class. Use to cruz with my friends, now I see them maybe once every two weeks. Safe to say that anxiety has ruined my life... Not only is this troubling me if affects my family very much. I find myself fighting with my parents more than ever because they want to help. They try to push me, take me out of the house, get me to do things, and I agree im sure I need to do those things. But for a while now ive been trying to push myself. I read on “how to beat anxiety” and alot of people say that you just gotta keep getting out there and pushing yourself. So I do I tried going out doing my normal things I would usually do workout, go beach, go shopping, whatever it may be in every day life. Not 1 day did I ever get better so I feel like giving up.Brought up a Christian got baptized even went on mission trips to Indonesia. Prayed for healing. Prayed for Knowledge. Prayed for Understanding. Prayed to show me the path I need to take to get over this. Nothing has changed I lost my faith. So I post this as one last act if anyone has any information, any tips, something to help me make sure that what I am dealing with is anxiety, if it is how to beat it, or anything please I sure could use it right now.Safe to say Anxiety Ruined my Life