Family illness/reaching out for helpHi my partner suffers Anxiety and has traits of personality disorder. She has suffered with this since she can remember and has been led all over the place to finally have that diagnosis 2 weeks ago. The only problem is the treatment offered is talking therapy once a week witch she has done before with no results also i believe she is on 45mg of mirtazapine and then has 1mg of Lorazepam to take when needed. One problem we have is the lorazapam doesn't really do much at all so when we have the emergency and she needs that chill pill it doesn't benefit her it relaxes her for a couple of hours but it doesn't hold of what causes her to explode.ÊPart of her problem causes her to have these outbursts where she will self harm run around stomp throw stuff smash stuff. Honestly the behaviour scares the hell out of me. We have 2 kids living with us so when this happens my priority is protecting them and their emotions but at times my partner does require me to restrain her.ÊThe shouting and the thumping not only because of her disorder it really bothers me as we live in a block of flats and makes it hard for me to face my neighbours as they most definitely hear whats going on. She suffers with thoughts about herself that she believes are true every day and at times it leads to these moods that are progressively getting worse and lasting longer.ÊI love my partner to death she is amazing behind these moods she is my angel. This is what keeps me going this is what makes me want to stay with her. She asks me why im with her and tells me i should go so she could be alone and ses she is a useless C word. i cant answer her questions because they are followed with her arguing what i sed because she believes she is worth nothing to anyone. It is very very hard for me to continue bothering with her but my love for her over powers these moods that only use up 10% of her time. I know deep down there is a solution so she doesn't need to feel like this it is just really really hard to find that help.ÊI try to phone the mental health crisis line but have never got through to them when i haveI have tried 111 on a number of occasions but that just causes child services to bash in to us for a week witch causes her more stress and she has a outburst.Êwe cant send her to A&E because we wont be able to get her back home.Êwe had a doctor come out late the other night and he just sed the tablets she is on will calm her down and really help but they dont.ÊI have been given other numbers to ring when needed but they all say they cant assist with whats happening or its a number for a different type of problem.ÊAS her partner i dont know what i can do. I would love to get her sent to the priory or something similar to that as i know that the treatment they offer and skills they will teach will help save her life and stop her suffering and this is to be discussed with her GP for funding when we can see her.Êher parents are very difficult to talk to and are not much help as her mother is too focused on her own problems to try and help and her dad isnt one to show emotion or interest in anything other than watching horse racing and calling her and her mother nut cases and idiots.ÊMy family are supportive but my parents are councillors for a living so dealing with my partner is hard for them but they agree with me that a treatment centre would be very beneficial.ÊMy partner hates that i cant talk to her about how i feel but is aware that i cant because any stress or worry i have she then takes on and makes it her fault or her problem and it causes a mood.ÊThis disease is truly horrible and i dont know how many people out there are in my situation but im lost with a solution to protect my emotions and my childrenI will not give up on her no matter how hard she hammers me to make me hate her I WILL NOT GIVE UP!! but it is hard. I need support i need help i need friends who have been through what i am going through. i need friends who have helped a family member pull through this so i can get advice and support i want to learn what you all did to help your family members.Êa little bit of her comes out for a brief moment and it reminds me of who i fell in love with and helps me fight the next round but since half 7 friday morning this has been none stop waking up to stomping and shouting plus getting up for my 8 month old daughter. its hard work.On top of this i cant be a carer i cant register because she doesn't have the benefits. I cant have a job at the moment because what happens if im at work and she gets like this i have my children to think aboutPlease help me!