Terrible With ChangeHi everyone. I've had overwhelming anxiety the past couple weeks because of multiple reasons that I'll talk about below. If anyone has any advice please respond!First thing I'll talk about is something that happened about 9 months ago. My house of 12 years (I'm 17 years old) got struck by lightning and burned down. It really didn't hit me at first and we rented a house for the year so we can rebuild, but recently it has been hitting me so hard. This brings me to my second point, which is that I am going off of Celexa which I have been on for a year now because this is the only window of time before college that I can get off of it. I'm taking only 2.5 milligrams now, and my mood has been so out of whack and the thought of my house being gone is making me so incredibly depressed and anxious. To make things worse (or better) I will be leaving for college in almost 4 months and it makes me so sad to think that I don't get to say goodbye to my home before I leave. I find myself so jealous of the other kids in my grade who get to have closure when they leave for college. My best friend told me that her family is moving cities when she graduates which is also making me anxious and sad. It's hard to write everything down that is bothering me but to put it simply, I am horrible with change. It makes me nervous for the rest of my life and how I'll react with even bigger life changes. I constantly worry about my parents and their health because I don't want to lose them. I worry about all my family members; my sister, my cousins, aunts and uncles. And then I even worry about my own life. I feel like at any moment I could die. I'm pretty much having an existential crisis. I would really like your advice if you have any words of wisdom  I know that I will get through this. It's just almost becoming unbearable. Also, going back on my medication is not an option because being in college on medication sounds like hell to me because I would end up ######6 it up anyways. I'd rather go with a clean slate. Thank you to whoever replies Irrational Fear of SkyscrapersOk, so I have never heard of anyone having the same fear as I do. Basically I am terrified of tall buildings because I think "buildings should not be that tall" and I want them to just go away. But then I fear that if I think hard enough, they will fall down because of me. And I will be responsible for a terrible occurrence. I know I kind of sound crazy, but it's making me so scared and it's hard to focus on anything else. I specifically think of the Burj Khalifa, because it's the tallest building in the world. I know that skyscrapers are incredibly strong and won't go down easily, but since more and more look like they're only made out of windows it makes me feel even more uneasy. Does anyone have advice on to how to calm myself down and stop thinking about this so much? It sucks because I know in my heart it's pointless and irrational to think/fear but since I think about it so often I feel like a horrible person. Sometimes I feel like an alien because I am so uncomfortable with skyscrapers. So yeah that is my big fear right now. If anyone has any words of wisdom, please share 