ÊAnxiety attack, dizziness and migrainesI have been suffering anxiety and depression for 10 years and lost my beloved mum to cancer last year plus this year has been stress with getting a letter from ATOS and pulling a muscle in my lower back which distressed me. I have been suffering scary symptoms recently which is worrying me.This started early last month when I was sitting watching television when I got weird coloured lines appear in my vision as if a migraine was going to appear. With that I started feeling light headed, my heart was beating fast and I went into a panic attack as I thought I was going to pass out. I ended up getting rushed to A&E where the doctors checked my heart, lungs and blood pressure but all was fine. I was sent home where I recovered but there were times when I would close my eyes to go to sleep where I felt A scary falling feeling and about to have another panic attack but with opening my eyes I stopped it.ÊEverything was fine then over a week ago after suffering a hangover from a previous night of drinking I was sitting at my computer when I felt my jaw and back of neck getting tense and kind of stiff and I felt dizzy with pressure on the bridge of my nose, forehead which instantly put me into a panic attack. The feeling was awful. My heart was beating fast, my pulse was racing, I could feel acid reflux and I felt I was going to pass out. I was scared to lie down incase I would pass out or die. Anyway this lasted for a few hours until I finally lay down and went to sleep hoping I'd feel better the next day. However that isn't the case so far as I have been suffering severe anxiety and aggitation in the morning and the dizziness with the head pressure in the afternoons which I think is some kind of migraine without pain. Also I notice I get light headed and dizzy when doing anything active like walking into town or even getting up to go to the toilet. The dizziness isn't head spinning as I am able to walk straight it is more light headed as if my head is floating. Only time I am fine is the evenings lying down resting.I have been in hell with this as its given me severe depression too and all my GP will give me is migraine tablets and anti depressants which I don't want to take.