Constant worry about my lack of sleep Ê12    Okay. So, the last 4 months I have that constant worry about not sleeping enough, I don't know whether I am depressed, scared, or just don't sleep enough and that's why I am tired sometimes and makes me anxious. I try to not occupy my mind with that but it's hard because keeps me from doing things making plans. Whenever I think of something nice to do, or long term plan I get this in my head that I won't be able to sleep enough. And I think that kind of thoughts are the main reason sleeping 4 hours or 5 hours. I would like to mention that I also work night shifts, I think that took a big toll in the ''circle''. I am working 10 hours shift, and before I moved closer to workI was spending about 4 hours in transport, so that's 14-15 hours out of the place where I wasnt happy. I would like to hear your opinions about taking SSRI for this kind of thing. My GP prescribed me celexa, he thinks the depression and the thoughts are the main problem. I am not anxious when I am at work, only when I have to make plans, and when I think about sleeping, and sometimes when I go to bed. I have been taking xanax for 4 months, but 0.5 doesnt do the job anymore, 1 mg is good , but I try to avoid it, because it's addictive. Now I also have a problem thinking whether I need pills or just suffer for a little bit more, with the thoughts maybe it will go away, because sometimes when I have a bad day I think: Ok, I need the pills, the next day I go to the pharmacy I take celexa and guess what, after taking two  , the third day I say ok I don't need this thing, because makes me hyper I think, but the doctor said I have to give it time. most of the SSRI's cause insomnia actually but with the time, maybe it will block the thoughts. So ''maybe'' is the word in my head for everything. Ênow I think about the negative side effects and if I give it a try , will my brain come back to normal after let's say taking it 6 months and coming off. Xanax is a good stuff, at least feels good, but when I take it I regret it and I think that things are going wrong. I have never had this kind of worry. makes me less ambicious . I used to think about other kinds of stuff not about the sleep. ofcourse I will sleep. Give me some opinions, if someone had the same problem. thanks