worried about dying  13    so this is my first time on this group and i dunno how to put things or say things, i suffer with servier depression, panic attacks, health attacks ect im only 21 years old and i feel like my life is already reuened by my problems i cant go a day without worring i am dying from something any wierd feelings i get sets it off im on strong medication to help but does nothing is there someone who can help me as i feellike im hitting a brick wall  Anxiety........ I have a tightness around my jaw an throat is this normal?Hi allI'm new to this site an also new to having anxiety disorder, I keep experiencing all these new feelings mostly pains, an I don't know if they are normal or just me being ott an worrying again. My latest problem is this tight feeling almost like a cramp in the my throat / jaw, I've been checking my mouth also, done the ultimate an went on Google an now convinced myself I've got cancer of the mouth or throat! Does anyone else experience these things? XWaiting for a shower to enrich my mind's bowerI am most of the times anxious, make  mountains out of mole hills, lack in confidence, miss sweet sleep. I have been taking escitalopram 10 mg and lorazepam 1 mg at night for about 7 years. My GP advises me not to discontinue as anxiety takes a toll on other health problems like gastric derangements and hypertension. But sometimes I think dependence on drugs does not always yield sweet results. Is there any alternative effective therapy other than the traditional ones I can contine for long time and at the same time those can cater good results? Horrific impulseI've had ocd for 11 years now, and I've made great progress. However the obsessions have evolved from obsessing over the physically impossible to things that could actually happen. I worry things like "what if I yell an obscenity during class?" Or "what if I harm someone?" Or "what if I embarrass myself in public?" Things like that. Though I am almost 100% sure in the moment I would not do these things, it is easy for me to obsess over them simply because they COULD happen. Has anyone else had this and if so, how did you handle it?