Afraid of ruining my watching/reading of fictionI'm not sure what this is. Hope this fits here.For a few years now, I have always been extra careful when watching tv shows that I really like, especially emotional ones. You know how your first time watching something feels better than all other times, because it's new and you don't know what's going to happen? Theres always an element of surprise. Sure every other time is a lot of fun too, but it's different. You already know what's going to happen. So what if you somehow screw up your first watching of it? Maybe you weren't paying enough attention. Basically the same thing as finding a whole list of spoilers for it online. If you don't enjoy the show to it's fullest capacity the first time around, you will never be able to do it. And while there is a lot of awesome fictions out there, it's still limited and it will run out.I'm afraid of watching tv shows I know are going to be really good, or just good. I often seek for emotion from those shows, and the finalis of such shows are usually the most full of it. I really want to enjoy those shows, but I'm constantly afraid that I'm not going. Theres this one show that I only have 4 episodes left, but I've been delaying my watching of it for months now. Whenever I do watch the important shows, I make sure it's past midnight and that I'm feeling perfect. Any slightness of headache and I can't do it. And even when everything else is perfect, sometimes I just don't feel like I'm ready to watch it. When I wake up after an unsuccessful night, I often feel like the day before was just totally wasted and I start feeling hopeless. Tv shows and other fictions are my primary source of happiness... I've tried finding others. I can't find it in socializing which is basically everyone elses primary source...I guess I'm just wondering if anyone else has felt that way, or at least understands why I'm feeling the way I am. Also if anyone has any suggestions on what I should do about it I would love to hear it