Anxiety and placesIt's YOU AND NOT the place is the best bit of advice I could tell anyone who's has PA anxiety attacks. I'm not sure there is a difference in them ? as I've not had a PA for years. Is this because I know the feelings ? I'm having daily anxiety attacks sadly. Rapid breathing, dizzy cold feelings in my veins. My anxiety hits me. Muscles IBS sweating. The constant waking up and checking for any sign of anxiety. I'm like a computer rebooting in the morning then this goes on all day long. I'm doing this for me too, as it seems to help me as I'm very anxious and my confidence is very low at the moment. Of all the symptoms of adrenaline no new ones can appear.Muscles tensionI've started a blog but can't post link yet as not enough post :/ wrote one post atm. Whilst researching , why and what to do with muscle tension. I found a great way of self massage. Called " trigger point " this explains all of my aches to a tee. If you do suffer from back legs tightness it's well worth a look at. All say sat on a computer or on your iPad. Is not good for us as anxiety causes your muscle to go tight. When I get to my post will link it as it explains a lot about me and my journey with anxiety. Notgoingmad @ worldpress. ComFinding it hard to cope againHiya. Had PA/GAD for 15 years ( all my life but didn't know ) I suffer with very seriously tight muscles mainly my back & legs. Been doing fine until last 6 months. We had to put our dog down last month I looked after her while my partner worked so was home all day with her. I understand grief and the emotional side of it in theory I've started to have anxiety attacks when out on my own walking. Dizzy vision blurred sweats very tight muscles again. Been on cit 20mg for over 5 years now. As I had a break down due a work related issue. Which I got over. So I know I can get over this. But finding it very hard at the moment. Had a great day yesterday. Last night woke up with fireworks going through my veins muscles all tight. Went for a walk this am anxiety attack, then on the phone my voice went adrenaline like ice all through my legs arms head. Basically I feel I'm back where I was 5/6 years ago alone frightened with crippling anxiety so any pointers on grief and anxiety would be great.