Fear of my own existence/own being.I posted something about this on my blog so I'm going to take parts of that and try to explain more. It is a really horrible and terrifying feeling. It's as if I become hyper aware or something of my own being. I don’t normally type up personal things like this but that’s how bad it is. I try to avoid writing about it because I feel that I might find what I've written and it may trigger this to happen again. This isn't the first time it's happened and each time it does, I have no idea if I'm going to make it.  It makes me feel like I'm on the verge of breaking and going insane. I’m scared because everyone else in the world sees me as just another person but only I know what existence is here inside my own body. Seeing everyone in first person view and knowing everyone else sees me as just 1 in billions freaks me out. I start thinking about me and the fact that I’m here and I start thinking “why me, why me, WHY ME WHY ME WHY ME". I don't understand how I can be and how my existence even works.I become terrified of doing anything. Everything is scary. It’s extremely crippling. Talking can be scary, moving can be scary, the fact that I'm typing is kind of scary as well. I'm told not to think about it but how do I suddenly stop thinking that I'm the one doing everything in this body? That it's me and no one knows? I have a hard time eating, enjoying things, drawing. Even going to the bathroom can strike fear through me and I'll try to hurry up and get out. And sometimes depending on what I’m watching or listening to or anything when this happens..I can’t associate with those things anymore just because I associated with them while I was like this.The fact that I’m typing this. Me. This existence in this body. I’m even aware of that. It scares me and everyone I’ve tried to explain it to they just don’t really understand. I get these slight moments of relief but they're so short. I think it's because my brain saying it's still your existence. The existence that no one actually knows is there. They just see a person.I always say that no one else experiences this because it’s me and that why I’m experience it. Because my own existence. Not everyone else’s. Being able to feel is scary, just being is terrifying. I'll get a terrible pressure in the back of my head and I'll get so scared because I am me. I always wonder how I get better from this because how do I suddenly stop having that hyper awareness or whatever it may be? I always exist, it’s always me. It's not like I suddenly change to someone else, some other existence. Sometimes I end up crying because I think about how my family doesn't have to live with this. I feel like I put them through so much but I know they love me so much.My brain also begins to think about how I don't know who's actually my family, as in the beings in those bodies. The existences. Nothing terrifies me more than this. I would rather have moments where I feel bad about my body, or argue with someone, or anything else like that. But right now  I'm so aware that it's me and I don't understand why this happens to me and I continue and continue to think that no one can know what it is because it's me and obviously you can't feel what another existence is feeling. I’m scared because I’m me.And anyone who reads this will just be thinking that I’m just another person out of billions but I end up freaking out because I don’t just feel like some other person.It always makes me feel like I’m going insane. Slipping and that I won’t be able to get out of it.It’s so scary.