18 year old daughter. What way should we go.Hi, Brief history. Took her to CAHMS at 7 years old. Would not go into supermarkets although we had been going with her all her life up to that point,also she would not go into gatherings from an earlier age i.e. weddings - birthday parties. We coaxed her into going over time and stopped seeing family therapist at CAHMS. She would worry for months on end about going on holiday because she was scared of catching ferries.She started secondry school, by the second year it was hard for her and us to get her to school. Things mentioned in school scared her, i.e.stars, universe. After many arguments withs us and trips to the school, and it was,nt just because she didnt want to go to school but she was afraid of what might be mention in a lesson or by pupils in the class that scared her to the point of going off and crying in the toilets we very reluctantly took her out of school. We knew that by doing this her circle of friends and eductation would suffer. We had got CAHMS involved by this time. She had a consultation with a child Physcologist, which lasted about 11 months. She was seen 10 times over this period. At around this time time, the mayan calendar ended in dec 2012, this was the time were she could not hold back her emotions and fear that this could be the end of the world. She did not and would not talk about this event. this was the worst time of her life and on the date she did not sleep till the next morning. Sept 2013 she was looked after by the crissis team. Up and down but to this date I think she is getting worse. Since 2012 she has said on her bad days that her head doesn,t feel right ( she doesn,t feel herself ). the last few weeks she has had a cold, earache, headache, sore throat, AM I OK? all the time. We are not happy as we seem to go round in circle with NHS system. We see them, they recommend group session, we go back to nhs. Again. WHAT DO YOU THINK WE SHOULD DO. Does anyone think a Private physcologist sessions could help. The last time I priced it was £140 per hour not something we can afford but would do for a short perion of time. Any suggestion as how to forward my daughters well-being or anyone that has had similas experience. Hope this makes some kind of sense if you read this. Many thanks.