New to here- My story.Hi all.I'm a 19 (20 in 12 days ) year old female suffering with anxiety and depression and possible OCD disorder.I can never pinpoint when it all started or if it just all happened slowly, mainly teens maybe? Basically i have one phobia which cripples me daily, I have suffered from Emetophobia for 10 years now, I am teetotal, i am obssessive over germs and diseases.Recently a year or two ago, i started hearing about a virus which gave horrendous V&D, which then pushed me to wash my hands, even to the point of scalding myself just because i was anxious and panicky.My doctor recommended E45 cream for when i have these problems from over the top hand washing.But then later i developed a obssession over security, door locks, ovens, fridges, toasters.I couldn't go to sleep without making sure the kitchen appliances were working properly.Ever since then i've seen a psychologist, who put me on a ocd help course, which helped quite a bit as my compulsions have "calmed" a bit, but at the same time it's relevant to seasons so i may get worse come winter time, hence the compulsions *calming*Also, i have been on Citalopram since May, after long developing depression.Which is where, the start has no exact date. it has developed slowly from slight self hate up to mild self harm.I think the point where depression got disturbing to me was when i was still at school, Round 2008. I was cutting food up at home and all that went through my mind was that i could harm myself.And wondered, if it would hurt less if i killed myself.But here's a quick insight to a younger.. teenaged me, I got bullied in school, physically, verbally and emotionally.I couldn't go a day without being called ugly, poor or a loser. and other...various names in the book.And i started to confind myself away in my own home, i went to school, i came home, and hid from my family.That's still something i can't shake NOW.In May i had a emotional breakdown where i went to work, and i just broke down infront of my manager.I spent two days at home and had a emergency doctor appointment.I was put on anti-depressants to help the anxiety and depresion, had to re-contact my psychologist and went to see a in-work therapist.Basically, im still suffering and wondered if a forum like this would help, so.. it'd be lovely to hear about recoveries, or to just have a nice chat with others coping with this. -Lucy