Making Rapid Progress Toward RecoveryThe other day I wrote a post about ways to reverse your anxiety and strategies that I have been using in order to do so. I want so badly to get this across to everyone who is currently suffering and believing that there is no way out-- there is no reason you should be needlessly suffering when recovery is so very possible! As recently as a few weeks ago I was at the point where I truly thought my life was over. I saw no way out of the deep depression and terrifying derealization/ feelings of unreality that consumed me. I was losing hope, and, (so I thought) my mind. My days were filled with constant fear, worry, and disturbing thoughts. I was confused, afraid, alone, and felt completely trapped in my own mind. The result of constant panic for months on end was my mind sort of shutting everything down for awhile. Of course this new feeling terrified me. I once again made the mistake of not recognizing that this new feeling was just another anxiety symptom. Instead of accepting this, I began to obsess over it. Wondering every minute of every day what was wrong with my brain and why I felt so disconnected from everyone and everything around me. I STILL WASN'T GETTING IT. You need to truly truly understand this: ALL of it is anxiety. The obsessions, the disturbing thoughts, the physical symptoms. It is nothing more, nothing less. You have a choice. You can waste more time trying to figure out what is "truly" wrong with you, going around and around in your mind creating new fears and worries. OR, you can stop fighting it. Stop believing that this is anything other than anxiety. You might think that this is way easier said than done but I promise you it is NOT as complicated as you think. I feel as though a huge weight has lifted off of me just in the past two weeks of adopting this new belief. I've pulled myself out of a deep depression and crippling anxiety just by TRULY understanding that by trying to "figure it all out" I was making everything worse. No medication, just a change in my thoughts. When I feel the depressive, obsessive, anxious thoughts come back in, I pay them no mind. I tell myself that they won't be sticking around long and get on with my day. Sure enough, they do go away. Even more amazing, they've been coming less and less every single day. I feel so much relief and happiness knowing that I have finally found the solution… I just wish that I had found it sooner! I could have saved myself so much unnecessary suffering. That's why I want to reach out to others and let you know that recovery is so possible. I'm getting my life back because I found the strength within myself to keep on going. To pass by these thoughts with courage and the attitude that I am so much stronger than my current situation. The real you is still completely intact… your judgment is just clouded. To get back to the life you once knew you need to stop fighting the thoughts and just let them come. Just give it a try… you have nothing to lose and everything to gain! 