ÊPTSD, Heart Condition, Medication Side Effects, Financial Failure, Marriage BreakupI am a 62 year old man who is trying to cope with daily bouts of paralyzing anxiety.ÊIn 2001 I was displaced from my home across the street from the World Trade Center in New York City and my apartment was part of the 9-11 "Ground Zero" crime scene. I moved to the suberbs with my wife. (PTSD)I have been self-employed since 2006 as a computer consultant which requires a high level of mental clarity. (effected by medication)In 2008 I had an ICD (like a pacemaker) implanted because of irregular heartbeat from time to time. Immediately after the implant I began getting shocks to my heart somewhat randomly requiring fine-tuning of the device and my mediation. Eventuially things stablized and I was able to function normally.The medications have had side effects and I began experiencing depression and anxiety at levels I could not cope with.ÊThree years ago, my marriage began to fail and I started drinking heavily. I eventually went to a behavioral health clinic and was prescribed an SSRI to deal with depression. It helped.I stopped drinking for six months and felt better. I was able to at least function. Eventually, I allowed myself to drink socially, but not to the excess like before.Financial stresses continued, however. This past August I lost my temper with my wife and left her without a plan as to where I would live.I began spiraling out of control, I did not take my heart medications reliably and I started drinking again. I was also experiencing very high levels of stress resulting trying to keep my businesses and projecvts alive.I then had a serious incident with my ICD which nearly killed me and required hospitalization. I was in the hospital for a couple of nights before being released with a clean bill of health from my doctors, but a high level of stress and anxiety. Since then I have tried to clean up my act and make a comeback.I have stopped drinking and began living with friends moving from one to another I also stopped taking my SSRI because I did not like the effects and I read it was not good for my heart condition.I am making progress with some kindness from friends and family, but I am experiencing symptioms of depression and anxiety and I do not want to take any medications for fear of upsetting the balance of heart medications and side-effects.I am struggling daily with depression and paralyzing anxiety but I think I can come back with a little help.ÊEven though friends and family have been kind to me, nobody seems to care about me or whether I live or die. I feel alone and isolated and unloved.ÊCan anyone out there help me?