relationship anxietyHi. Just wondering if anyone has any input in this as its really getting to me at the moment. I have been engaged before but he was killed in the military. I am currently engaged again but this happened a few weeks after I started on my current anxious episode. Now I'm panicky around my fiancé, I keep obsessing over weither I find him attractive even though rationally I know its not overly important and hasn't bothered me before. I'm also worrying about weither our relationship is working even though there were no problems before I started obsessing about it. I love him dearly and don't want to be without him. Has anyone got any insight into what help I can get and if this is just part of my GAD even though it takes up most of my worry time. ThanksReasons behind GADI've always had a problem with anxiety, even as a child I would go through phases of high anxiety. When my fiance died i had the usual grief period and then a couple of years later i got diagnosed with GAD. I went through some councilling and with time I got it to a level i could manage and anxiety wasn't effecting my life everyday. During pregnancy and after my son was born I felt my anxiety level creeping back up and then this year my cat got I'll and had to have a lot of expensive treatment and then died, my friend attempted suicide and I have got engaged and with each of these things my anxiety has got worse and worse. I also wanted another baby but my anxiety was too high for me to even try and that made me feel abit low and I didn't know what I wanted to do with my life if I didn't feel capable of having another baby. I feel like I need to fix something to get over my GAD again. Is it just something I'm going to have to learn to manage and isn't here due to a specific thing. Is this something that I will learn in CBT?hi I'm newI've had anxiety problems all my life on and off but it got worse when I was heavily pregnant, I started to panic about getting PND and wanting to harm myself or my baby as a result of having it. I then had a bad birth where I got flashbacks and panic attacks for a few months after, they died down but the anxiety stayed with me and the fear of PND stayed and then turned to a fear of severe depression and psychosis. This got worse a few months ago where my closest friend became suicidal! Sing then I cannot calm down and I recently got engaged to the man I have been with for 6years and we have a son together. A week or so after that I starting d to panic about if I was attracted to my fiancé and have now got a fear that I mihlght leave him as I get anxious around him in case I don't find him attractive! Does this all sound lime just GAD to you? I'm worried that its some sort of ocd aswell. I love my fiancé lots and I know that attraction isn't the main thing in a relationship and I don't want to be without him but I keep obsessing on these thoughts! I've just started a n medication and feel worse on it a week in and have a group CBT course lined up to help. I would like to here about if anyone has been in a similar situation or can relate to my thought? And recovery. Thanks