How to deal with people not liking you?I just wanna apologize in advance if this is jumbled or doesn't make much sense. I'm tired and not in the best state.I have really bad paranoia, and it always makes my anxiety even worse. In the past couple of months, I went through some weird stuff with a couple of people. I made a few mistakes and I'm sure it probably caused some people to not be a big fan of me. I didn't do anything terrible, mind you, but my mind blows everything out of proportion, so while it wasn't that bad I can't help but make it into something huge.ÊAnyway, I know these people don't absolutely hate me, but I'm scared that they do. I've never dealt with people disliking me. It freaks me out. I'm just worried that they're constantly talking badly about me, making people that don't even know me hate me, that they'd ruin my life if given the chance. I KNOW that these things aren't happening (these people are decent and kind, so I know they're not doing crap like that. I just can't help but think about it), but I can't stop. These people are on my mind all the time (when I say 'people,' I mean like... two to three people, if even that), and then I get scared that they somehow know I'm thinking about them (I'm honestly scared people can read my mind, even if they're across the country, like these folks are), and then I freak out more.I dunno. My anxiety is just really bad because of this. I worry that I'll never be able to stop thinking about them and these awful thoughts. I've had obsessive thoughts since I was a kid, so this is nothing new. And actually, I've dealt with this same situation before, back in high school. There were some kids who picked on me daily, so they made me an anxious wreck just like this, too. So I know with time, like a month or so, all this is will be out of my mind, but god, it's so hard to deal with.I just started taking Mirtazapine just a few days ago (I have terrible depression to boot), but it hasn't really helped with my mood much, just makes me super hungry and tired so far. Do you think once it kicks in that it could possibly help with my obsessive thoughts, too? What about anxiety and paranoia? I guess I just need someone to tell me to calm down, that nobody would hate me for a small ass mistake, that I have nothing to worry about. I already know these things myself, but they aren't sticking in my brain, and having someone help is always nice. I dunno, I'd appreciate any kind words. Sorry for the rambling.P.S. all of you are super awesome and sweet. I hope you're all doing well!Ê