ÊPaxil QuestionsHi all, so I have some questions about paxil..My psychiatrist gave me some to treat my anxiety & panic issues. I had never ever taken any ssri before. Just xanax, which I am a big fan of, and which works amazing but I don't want to depend on it. So, he gave me a bottle of 20 mg Paxil, told me to cut in half & take 10 mg one week, then the 20 mg tablets, then take two 20 mg tablets the last week (I don't see myself going that high though). Anyways, last week I went and had my annual flu shot, and it went ok. I felt okay the next morning. I decided to take my first 10mg of Paxil after breakfast. Well, not long after I took it, I felt foggy, euphoric, hazy, and out of it. I also got very very drowsy. It was like I was a zombie, kind of out of body. I walked down the street to the store, & it seems like a dream, like I wasn't even there. I came back home, did a little housework. Then, I started feeling very very flushed, like having hot flashes. I felt a little nauseated. Soon after, by about 7pm, my appetite was totally gone, & I got very feverish. I chilled, and was warm the next minute.I got a pounding headache, & felt like I had the flu or something, minus any coughing/sniffles. I went to bed, woke up the next day, feeling very strange. Felt a tiny bit better, still no appetite though. Forced myself to eat something, decided to skip taking the pill because of how bad I felt the day before. It's been 4 days & I haven't taken another one since. I went back to taking my .5mg Xanax once or twice when I felt anxious, but not the Paxil.So what happened? Was it a reaction to the pill? I called some pharmacists & some said it could have been a reaction to the flu shot, others thought the medication. But would just one dose of 10mg make me feel that terrible? Again, I'd never taken an ssri before that. So now I don't know what to do. I'm scared to take another pill in case the bad symptoms come back, but I still have terrible anxiety and I need something to help me. Xanax helps but I don't want to take it everyday.I'd love some thoughts on this. I have been told that the first few days can be rough on Paxil, and you just have to stick it out. So maybe I should try again & cut it down to 5mg & try that & work up slowly? I want to get rid of this anxiety, but if ssri's make you feel that awful, I want no part of them! I think I'm bipolar anyway, so maybe I'll stick to xanax and see if I can get a mood stabilizer like Lamictal.