Dad deliberately triggering anxiety- advice?Hi all,I was wondering if anyone has advice for me on this or has had similar experiences themselves. I'm hesitant to use the term "trigger", given the connotation it's accrued recently, but I don't know how else to describe it.My dad is an odd guy. He's not a bad person but he doesn't communicate well and has a bit of an odd sense of humour and really likes to stir people up, so to speak. Anyway, he knows I have GAD and Health Anxiety more specifically and he likes to trigger it because he gets a kick out of it; it's as if there's a disconnect between his knowledge of how I feel and how he believes I feel in the moment. For instance, we'll be having dinner and I'll say I forgot to hand some work in to my tutor (etc) and he'll go "oh, Alzheimer's". Even though I shouldn't listen, my thoughts start to race and I begin to question and wonder if this is actually the case. My mum's told me that at times the blood visibly drains from my face because I immediately feel so anxious and he laughs at me, because he thinks it's really funny. It causes days of fretting and worrying. He has a Master's in Psychology, so I am quite certain he knows the mechanisms of GAD. He has Social Anxiety himself, so he obviously understands how irrational anxiety feels, too. I'm at a bit of a loss because we're closer now than we ever have been (we didn't have a good relationship until a couple of years ago) and I know he doesn't fully realise how much it upsets me... but I don't know how to ask him to stop. I've said many times that it makes me anxious when he says that kind of thing and he apologises, but doesn't really mean it. My mum sometimes tells him off, but he gets upset (he's very sensitive) and says he's siding against her, so she typically just gives him a reproachful look or ignores it altogether. He does it all the time and I don't want this to damage our relationship, but he doesn't listen when I ask him to stop and it's making me a lot more anxious! Any advice, please?Anxiety and Social StigmaHi there,I was just wondering if anyone who feels comfortable discussing this has experienced some form of stigmatisation that they're aware of due to anxiety and how they coped with it? I don't consider myself a hypersensitive person but I've rarely had a positive experience discussing my anxiety. I only do so out of necessity and generally people my age are ok with it, but I'm currently at uni and have been told to make my tutors aware of my situation. However, last year, in my final year of high school, I had to tell my teachers, which went badly. One of them even told me that "everyone feels that way" and that he didn't feel I "[deserved] compensation or special treatment" or "make exceptions because [I couldn't] get organised". So, while I don't think I'm especially sensitive, I found their attitudes a bit discouraging, especially as I'd just been diagnosed etc.So, what have your experiences been with telling other people about your anxiety? Does anybody have any tips for going about it? I'm just concerned that I'll experience the same attitudes as last year and be made to feel that I'm somehow deficient/lazy or some kind of burden on them.I guess I digressed a bit from my original topic, so if anyone has tips and could let me know that'd be great and I'm also interested to hear other members' perspectives on social stigma. Maybe I *am* just being overly sensitive or expecting too much. Thanks everyone 