Generalised Anxiety Disorder or Cognitive ImpairmentDue to the nature of my illness and the difficulty it brings this thread is very difficult for me to complete as I have a real difficulty in expressing myself and this form of communication brings about a lot of anxiety so I am just going to say everything that comes to mind, therefore I apologize in advance if there is a lack of structure.Basically, around 7 years ago I went away with some friends on a holiday to Norwhich and after a night of heavy drinking I woke up the next day feeling terrible. At first I thought my feelings were just the natural side effects of a killer hangover but I soon discovered that there was more to this state of mind. I immediately felt detached from reality and I especially found it incredibly difficult to communicate and collect my thoughts. In a nutshell I thought that I had incurred some level of brain damage. To give a small amount of background to the situation, I was studying for my A levels at the time and by my own admission I was quite an intense student who suffered from a huge amount of stress. Back to the holiday, I carried on for the remainder of the holiday feeling anxious, brain dead and traumatised. After this I went into a self imposed year and a half of isolation and didn't finish my A Levels. In this time I saw a psychotherapist and psychiatrist, took anti depressants and had eeg and Mri scans which all ruled out a physical illness. I eventually went to university for 4 years where I suffered terribly in social situations, in completing work and organisation etc and as such I quit my degree before the end of my last year. In the last few years I have found it impossible to get into any routine and to get into employment. Towards the end of last year I suffered a secondary break down after receiving the wrong medication (modafinil) and finally this year I saw a psychiatrist who said I have a complex case of Generalised Anxiety Disorder and offered some medication to help with sleep and anxiety, I saw this psychiatrist for a few months whilst transitioning to a psychotherapist who I have been currently seeing. I am finding it hard to find any relief from my symptoms. I constantly feel that my thoughts are not connecting and the second I go to think about anything I just automatically refer to this assessment of my mind, which instantly makes me feel anxious. So yes I do have generalised anxiety but to me it is perceived as having an underlying impairment that is causing the anxiety but I can never get over the anxiety if I can't fix the impairment so I get in this intense negative downward spiral where I feel I'm trapped in maze that I can't get out of. I know that doctors cannot find a physical promblem but I find it hard to believe. I'm constantly aware of my mind not working so much that it is consuming every second of my life. Could it be that my anxiety is always there so it causes cognitive impairment this impairment causes me to be anxious which starts the viscous cycle or do I actually have a problem with my brain.ÊCan someone please clear some of this up. I'm in a terribly desperate state. Can one night of binge drinking cause severe brain damage or is it a likely precipitating factor for a severe breakdown that leads to generalised anxiety. Why is it that the second I go to think about anything It is never expressed or seen how I want it to be, most of the time I can't think of any at all. It's like my mind can react to people buy not think of anything on it's own. Now I am in a constant unrelenting state of distress as I can see all the ways my mind won't work.ÊIf anyone has any advice then could you please help. I'm soo distressed!!!