 Obsessed with my own Breathing...?Hey folks, I've had a bad episode of strong panic related to traveling a few weeks back. This is the first time I've felt such intense Anxiety for a prolonged period. Since then my obsessions are causing me more anxiety then in the past 10 years with ocd. I've always had rapidly shifting obsessions from hocd to fear of schizophrenia, I lost count over the years..Just yesterday I started obsessing about my breathing for the first time after I've attempted some mindfulness meditation. After exhalation I'd feel slightly anxious before I took the next breath. This triggered my obsession about having to monitor my breath to not fall into full blown panic. I keep wondering if this obsession is going to last because it's feeding of the Panic feeling that I've developed after the travel Anxiety. Usually my obsessions cause me mild Anxiety, never with panic attack syringes such as dizziness, and head pressure. I'm worried that my obsessions are now activating the latent panic anxiety that I've experienced a few weeks back and that this will make my new obsessions way harder to deal with than before the crisis. Hope that makes sense. What's your take? Will this obsession still disappear or shift to something else? Thanks JakeThese precious fleeting moments of stability....Hey folks, I'm getting extremely frustrated about the psychological instability that comes with anxiety in general. It seems like I am hopping from one problem to another and while I'm at it there are only a few days of relative peace of mind in between. In these days there is a general sense of doom while I'm trying to hold on to the state of neutrality as hard as I can only to slip away to another stupid obsession.... It leaves me in a constant state of instability. There is no predicting when I will feel stable enough to deal with challenges. Even when I make appointments in the future I am not sure if at that time I will be stable enough to deal with them...that's a horrible state of existence don't you agree?After years of analyzing I concluded that it is in these moments between obsessions/anxieties where the grand problem lies. Somehow it is the pressure of feeling normal... the addiction to anxiety if you will that drives me to another obsession. I can't just feel good. Once I start feeling good my mind goes "oh, you're feeling good, that's terrific but it's too good to be true.. where are all the problems" after that it's just a strom of "oh no oh no" in my mind because all the past obsessions come crawling out of the abyss to catch me again.How do you guys deal with it when you feel good? Is there a good way to just avoid slipping from one obsession/anxiety into another?I'd welcome all ideas at this point. What has worked for you?Jake