Struggling for a whileI am a hypochondriac and currently believe that I am suffering from a severe and deadly disease. I have been this way since I was a kid. The part that keeps getting me is that the time period for what I fear will be demise has elapsed; but because of few very isolated cases in history have surpassed this timespan I still believe I am suffering. This trigger occurred in September, but I explain to myself that it is unreasonable to believe that I can be sick with this disease and I feel I have exhausted talking with family and the couple friends that have an idea of my struggles. I don't want to burden them too much and cause them to distance themselves.Worst part is lately I have been feeling strange symptoms that are unusual to me, I am confident that they are allergies but I can't shake the fear. My fears peaked about 4 months ago and I was going through severe panic attacks daily, sometimes multiple times per day. At this point I feel as if I have accepted my fate and I am just living and waiting. It's sad; when I manage to have a grip for a few days I will get either heart papilations or it will feel as if my heart has stopped beating momentarily. My anxiety just can't accept even a moment's defeat it seems.If anyone has input, constructive or sharing similar stories it would be appreciated.Physical Symptoms - I don't know if I should seek medical helpI have been suffering with anxiety issues since I was a child and been a hypochondriac most of my life. I use to have a great grip on my anxiety for about 4 - 5 years until I lost a good friend abruptly this past year. Since the loss my panic and anxiety has been almost nonstop due mostly to my hypochondria which I posted recently about here, "Stuggling for a While" was the post. I normally recognize my usual triggers and can dodge them, such as heart palpitations, momentary heaviness in my chest, and a general sense of my end coming soon.Yesterday while speaking with a customer mid-sentance I just lost my breath, like it had just left me and that triggered my panic like no other. I thought it was all over for me and I just sat at my desk for a half hour after the client left thinking what do i do. Now a couple hours ago I thought I was about to feel the same feeling that I did yesterday but it seemed to pass, unfortunately just the thought of it coming threw me into a panic spiral. IF this is an anxiety related symptom I would just like to hear that to know that I should be ok, and if anyone can explain why after so many years of consistent physical trigger symptoms why now is my mind trying to throw me curve balls. I'm tired of seeing doctors and being told its always anxiety, it's become embarrassing. I know I carry this issue but just to hear similar ordeals I feel can help calm my mind.Thakn you in advance for any guidance or support.