Am I suffering? Advice please!Okay hi all, I'm hoping for some advice. This is quite a long post so i hope you don't mind. Not really sure where to start. Erm, I'm nearly 20 and work full time.So I've always been quite a worrier, u constantly worry about everything, my appearance, how I'm seen, my health etc. I wprry all the time about the way I do things, or that something will go wrong because of me. I've been nicknamed paranoia by a girl at work something I just shrug off. So anyway I also get panicky about little things, like after I use the bathroom at home I get panicky after I've left the room, no idea why but I feel like j have to go back in there, then I go out again and then get the Same worry feeling and need to go back into there, not to do anything but just be there, but annoying as the bathroom is upstairs. I have little routines as well that i have to do until I feel just right about something. All of this I used to think was just a normal thing to do. I worry about my health all of the time and I am sucker to looking things up on the nhs, and think I have a serious illness or I am going to die. Anyway lately I feel like I've been getting worse, I'm not worrying about anything in particular I'm just worrying in general, I have a sort of scared on edge feeling and it comes and goes, when it's there I can feel myself getting scared, get hot, feel as though my heart is racing and feel as though I am breathing heavier. After a few minutes it goes away. This comes and goes throughout the day and I try my best not to show it to others, it has not yet been noticed but my constant panic and second guessing situations has been at work. Aswell as that I've been getting headache and bowel and digestive problems lately accompanied by headaches, and thezr weird moments where I will be absolutely fine and then I will be overcome with tiredness or a daze where I go to do something and then just sit / stand there staring not doing what I intended to. Am I over thinking This or is this all a sign of generalised anxiety disorder or something else.Advice please! Too scared to actually talk to someone incase they laugh?