GAD - Blessing or CurseI just wanted to share this with other GAD folks and those who are also considered hyper sensitive and/or empathic/intuitive, like me. I'm a 35 yr old who was diagnosed at 25. Back then, 10 years ago, most people didn't have as much knowledge or understanding on these related topics. Especially the general public. So many of us never felt comfortable talking about our GAD empathic/intuitive issues to people who couldn't relate. But now it seems like more people are willing to talk about it in public which has created much needed conversations, of course.That being said, is anyone else out there feeling incredibly frustrated when people say you should treat your GAD empathic/intuitive issues as not "issues" that you struggle with but instead think of them as these beautiful gifts you have?While I do feel like I am truly blessed at times to use it as a gift to help others because it allows me to understand the world better and understand what someone else (even a stranger) is going through just by "sensing" their energy and thus I have more compassion and understanding than someone who doesn't have this "gift". Because I can see all the subtle details and the "bigger picture" in a sense. But that is only half the time. And it's so great when that happens, and I'm truly humbled & proud of my "gift"when I see it deeply impact someone else's life in a positive way.The other half of the time though, no matter how positive I try to think about it, my GAD, highly sensitive, empathic/intuitive nature does not feel like a gift at all. Half of that time in my life is spent so drained from several weeks in a row of constant worry, constant anxiety, constant thoughts and emotions that are all over the place - and they are not only my personal thoughts, worries, and emotions, but also those of everyone I've also come in contact with. When that drained feeling gets so heavy I just want to hide from the world and fall into a deep sadness or loss of joy in life - Sorry but no, that DOES NOT feel like a blessing but rather a curse. Ugh, so frustrating when someone says that to me "Just look at it as a blessing and all your struggles with it will magically go away". I just want to scream ....Sorry but it's not that simple. Not - at  - all. Just had to vent.