Anxiety causing dangerous moments.My anxiety disorder comes from sickness, it was a severe allergic reaction that started my first panic attack since that moment I was a different person and that mental sickness started to spread into every aspect of my life, joining with my already imbedded depression to make a dangerous cocktail of which last night I managed to experience again and it reminded me just how dangerous it can be.Anyway I have been unwell recently so naturally im having to control the anxiety all the time to stop it getting out of hand. Keeping it at bay requires all kinds of techniques and hardly any of them work. Anyway during the night it got the better of me, the more anxious I got the more sick I got and vice versa. During all the sweating, heaving all that I felt my own thoughts betraying me and I had to keep repeating that no matter how bad it gets just don't do anything permanent you can survive sickness for days but you can't survive been dead and yet I was fighting constantly with an almost overwhelming mental push trying to make me do something against myself and it was legitimately hard to fight off this anxiety driven assault.ÊLike the overwhelming need to get out a person gets when having a panic attack, to get away from whats causing it. Its a defense mechanism gone wrong but when whats causing it is inside you it instead trys to make you escape something you can't unless you, well you know. Your brains baser desire to escape the panic is so strong it is literally saying better dead than sick got to get away got to make it stop. fighting it is like trying to fight a flight response during the throws of a full on panic attack not easy by any stretch.Best way to describe it would be covering a severe arachnophobia in spiders and then having them try not to run away or scream or try to get them off, there brain would make them do it regardless of what they want. Its not "I want to kill myself" its "god please don't let me kill myself due to this." Your fighting with a primal instinct gone haywire and thats a serious issue.Now I consider myself a normal (ish) individual with a need to survive so this is outside of my own thoughts and desires. Obviously im seeking professional help because this is serious. However last night I was close to calling up the hospital and have myself willingly restrained because I couldn't trust my own self. It very well might happen again today and for as long as im sick.Considering I can't trust my own head and actions I feel my anxiety disorder might have become something far more serious in the past few weeks maybe something like Schizophrenia or something and I wouldn't wish not been in control of your own thoughts or actions on anyone and the male side of my family have a history of mental health issues.Now I was seeking help for general anxiety a week or two before hand but this latest development has me worried and im not sure what to do about it.