New Pet AnxietyHello,ÊI'm a bit new to this forum, but my name is AnnaMae. I've been dealing with severe anxiety since I was a child. Back then, everyone just thought I was a really fearful, sensitive child, it was only after reaching adulthood that I realized I have a real anxiety problem. Any change, or disruption sends me into a paralyzed state of fear to the point of making me physically ill for weeks if not months. Every time I feel like I have it under control, something new happens that sends me several steps backwards. I can't even hold a full time job. My husband, wonderful as he is, does not understand. He tries and does everything he can for me, but he doesn't get it and it is really rough on him, watching me go through this. The most recent thing that has really caused my anxiety to spike was that we got a new dog. It's hasn't been very long, just a few days, but as soon as we brought him home, I was hit was a huge amount of fear and stress. I haven't been able to eat or sleep. I feel sick and all I want to do is lay in bed because that is the only place the dog won't follow me. He is a really good dog. He is sweet, calm and well trained. My husband absolutely adores him and they have really bonded. Even though I know in my mind that he is a great dog, I cannot bring myself to really like him. I don't want him near me. I can't look at him with feeling super scared and guilty. It was my idea to get the dog! I loved having a dog as a child. I feel like such a horrible person. It is breaking my husband's heart to love the dog and also watch me goes through so much anxiety because of him. Part of me wants to rehome him, but at the same time I would feel so bad for doing that to him. He was already dumped at the pound by the family who had him the whole seven years of his life. He is crazy attached to my husband and looks up at me with such loving eyes and all I can feel is fear and pain. I just want to feel normal. To be able to walk through life without feeling like everything could fall apart because of some small change. I hate needing my husband to be there for me when it is so hard on him. I just want to have a small bit of peace in my life again, with out feeling like I hurt anyone to obtain it. Does anyone else feel this way? Has anyone else ever experienced new pet anxiety? Does it go away? How do you deal with it?