Work and Mental HealthSince having a paranoid psychosis for 2 years in my early 20's, my ability to sustain work has been very painful and I have had breakdowns because of not being able to cope with work. The best way I can explain my condition is that I have no rubber coating on the wires in my brain and i become very ill. I was a taxi driver for 5 years on and off, in the end it became a pattern that i would work for a few weeks then have to stop and then go back this pattern continued until the run of work got less and the times i could not work got more.ÊI did voluntary work as a youth worker for 3 years and this was ok, but because of the cuts they relied on me to be their and sometime's i had no energy because of the depression i could not go in now and then.I have been on benefits for over 9 years and i get comment's from some people and it brings me down that i am unable to work. I would like to try to do some voluntary work, but i feel with the DWP being such a punishing organisation, i can not risk doing voluntary work as they might take me off ESA. I do help lots of people in the community and i am blessed to have friends that have a mental health condition. It is a two way street and having a good laugh with my friend that has his own mental condition helps a lot.I might not ever work again as i am not prepared to make my self ill for the approval of judgemental people in society. The judgement from others and society is a reflection on the people that judge. Your perception of me is not my reality, even my perception of me does not have to be my reality. Those that mind don't matter and those that matter don't mind!social anxietyAnxiety can be very strong at times and it is very difficult to experience. I keep pushing through as i have learnt that the feeling of intense discomfort do pass and although it feels very overwhelming at times, i just hang in their and not let the anxiety dictate how i behave.ÊI forget to do do breathing exercise, as this can trick the brain out of fight or flight mode. I try not to judge myself for my inner thought process or the feelings that i feel. What matters to me is my behaviour and this is what is important. The way i temper the extreme judgment's i can have about myself is to say. I am not this mind, i am not this body, i am not these feeling's, I am a spirit having a physical experience. That really calms me down a lot and it take away the power of intrusive thoughts and feelings.