Trouble with school? Looking for advice...Hi, I've been having problems with school my entire high school career. I am a junior in high school right now and it started when I was a freshman. I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Depression, and ADHD. I guess I will just start from the beginning and give a summary of what happened.When I first started high school I was in three honors classes: algebra, english, and biology. As you can imagine, I had a lot of homework. I wasn't diagnosed with anything at that time and received little help. I would stay up late frequently, trying to finish homework. I was diagnosed with ADHD pretty early in the year but the meds made me sick and I still had no accommodations at school. By second semester, I began having severe stomach pains and missed school regularly. We went to many doctors and could find no answers and by April I wasn't going to school entirely. I became "homebound", its like home school but a teacher from my school came to give me assignments. I finally was diagnosed with depression and anxiety.Sophomore year went similar except I had a very basic 504 plan. I went to an outpatient program in the beginning of the school year and did well, but in second semester I became homebound again. That summer I was inpatient for a week and then went to an outpatient program for a while. This year was rocky but I got an IEP, and got more accommodations and support. Right now its second semester and I am going to school and not missing a lot, but I am only in three classes... I had to drop so many. I am very behind in credits and I had an IEP meeting today. They discussed going to a different school with way less students (compared to my school) and a special program for students like me with problems going to school because of anxiety and depression. I think its a good idea, but I don't really want to go. They are talking about me starting there on the 20th... I don't get why I have to start this year when school is almost over. I will get three credits either way and I really like my classes right now. I will almost surely go there next year, but I won't be able to graduate on time. I guess I'm just looking for some other opinions on this and if anyone knows of another way to go about graduating. I won't get a GED, but I was wondering if there are like programs or something that I could do to graduate and still get my high school diploma faster than going through another semester or two after all my peers graduated.Thanks, Katie