Is it possible am anxious about everything?I'm anxious when I open my eyes in the morning. My thoughts are "not another day", "what to do?", "should I sleep for another hour?". Then some sound may irratetes me enough to finnaly get up. Then I wonder how should I stand up from bed, then I wonder if this is the right position I am sitting, etc. I mean, I question myself every micro action I do. It's like I'm here, but at the same time there is an observer of my action judging everything I do. Like there is some 100% correct strategic plan I should stick to. I find something to worry about in everything. I judge myself even if I watch basketball and I don't understand everything commentators are saying - I feel like I should be like them, that I should know and be able to observe all of this things - if not, I'm retarded. When I see all of these creative nicknames on this forum, I realize how plain my mind is. I have 0% creativity. I can't relate to anything. It's like I can only label myself as something ###$ up or my nickname can be my own name. Also, if I will read what I wrote here in about a year, I will close it in a second because of how embarrassed I would feel. Well, maybe not so much because noone knows me here, but if I read my previous posts from local forums (where people know me), I already feel sick. I judge myself for everything. If I don't judge myself, I judge someone else. And then when I realize I did that, I judge myself for judging myself or others. I'm constantly in fear (specialy in the afternoon) of not knowing what to do with myself and so I feel useless ... but at the same time afraid to commit to anything ... it gets better in the evening as I know night will come soon and then I'll go to sleep. But then again, I sometimes need hours to get asleep ... important thing is the emotions I feel with those thoughts are really strong. Maybe that's the biggest problem. Maybe everyone gets annoyed by parents cause you know them all life and can't really relate to them, etc., but I feel it so much. I used to argue with my mom till she went crazy everytime. I kind of give it up and repressed that part of me ... however, I'm becoming scared of how strong I feel it all, anyway. Even when I remember anything from the past, I already connect it to some mistake I made and I feel scared of what I did. Well, basicly it's fear I guess. I already thought I had BDP, lately I think I have autism, and also AvPD ... and paranoid . Somewhere in betweeen even schizofrenia was on my mind. I'm so bored, scared, confused, sad, angry everything ... the fact is, I wasn't always like this. I was able to have fun. Though mostly trough gambling, masturbation, sex or being with girlfriend. Like no other topics really interests me. I hate details. But I always thought I am smarter. Mainly cause I buileded myself esteem on every stupid/repeatitive/trivial things others said. Then some day, after regular smoking weed everyday for years, I just turned all this relating from others to myself. I'm sober for 4 months now, but it's really hard.I don't know what to talk to psychiatrist, anyway. She even said I look OK to her. But it's mainly cause I have hard time expressing how lost and different I am all of my life. I mean I could talk all day long to convience her how weird I am, but then again I'm so ashamed to talk this ... actualy about real "me" ... I was prescribed Cipralex (by a doc) and I ended taking after 4 days because I was scared of my heartbeat being really strong ... this was last year when I quited weed for 2 months (now I decided to quit it forever..), now, 2 weeks ago, I was prescribed (by psychiatrist) Paroxat. I won't take it (yet), because I am afraid that: a) I won't be better ; b) I will be better and then I won't be able to be on it for the whole life, anyway ; c) maybe it's because I'm scared of those pills overall (can't remember why ... hate the fact I can't remember, but maybe we are all scared of pills on some level) ...I think psychoanalysis is the best method of all of them, maybe some day when I'll have job I will do this for a few hours monthly, because now, all this psychiatrist does is just too simple. I would need to talk on some deeper level to resolve problems, cause all of them have roots somehwere in history, though I don't know how much I can help with my terrible memory Sorry for my English and confusion ... I don't even know what anyone can say to feel me better, but at the same time I would be happy of any comment ... plus, if this thread suits better in some other forum (like intruduction, maybe?), please move it.