I don't even know what I have... this category seemed more fittingHi Guys and gals,ÊI'm very new to this and I have tried to search for help online but unless I pay $78 I can't get anywhere. Basically, I think I have anxiety problems, like when I am sat in front of my new boss and work colleagues, I want to run away, I feel as though im going to faint and if I move, I will faint. My heart is going to pop out of my neck and my brain is throbbing. Its not just infront of my boss its anywhere, not all the time just when it wants too, It's been happening even before I got this new job. But unfortunately that isn't all... I have to say a bit about me so I dont sound crazy (I probably am but I need to tell you so you can get the idea) I have had issues all my life and I used drugs and alcohol to solve my issues, as well as prescription drugs. I had to go to rehab a few years ago to get off the stuff and now I am abstinent and have been for just over three years. The trouble is, I am faced with things that I used drugs on and although I have had loads of therapy, things keep creeping back in. I have lost my support networkdue to my employment ending, so I cant call up my ffriend's as they are all defending themaelves from the job they are in (long story) but yes, I have moved in with my partner and things are changing around me that I can't handle. I am paranoid that my partner is cheating in me, (I am deluded) but I have issues trusting people and have done for years. And although I thought I worked on this, and realised not everyone will treat me as bad as what I have been, I just cant seem to shake it. Its like I actually believe my deluded self but the logical side is like "he loves you". So yeah, I am dealing with all this crap, a new job that makes me want to pass out, a new house where I feel isolated and a massive burden of wanting to pass out all the time when im in any sort of situation. I shake horrendously when I get nervous, and I use to shake when I didnt have a drink (before rehab) which brings up memories and also makes me paranoid that people think im drinking. I can't go to the doctors because he will prescribe me something ans I don't trust myself not to abuse the medication, im generally depressed about tgings and unless I pay a stupid amount of money, which I dont have, im all out of options im afraid. I've ruined my relationship with my accusations and we're not talking, sleeping in separate rooms, and the poor man has done nothing but support me, yet I'm convinced he's going to find or is looking for someone who can give him what I am not and im just driving him away. I dont even know what it is that im not giving him but I'm definitely giving him a reason to leave me because I'm suck a f@@k nut...Everything just seems to be all over the place... what should I do... where can I go? How do I get thinking positive? How do I stop these panic attacks without breathing through a paper bag? (Work doesn't know I suffer with it) how do I stop being so sensitive? Can anyone make sense of what I have put?? Or am I babbling?ÊYours kindly, Elizabeth x