NewbieNew to this site.ÊI have always worried for as long as I can remember, but I have always been able to function and get by without too much interference. I remember elementary school was rough, high school as a little better, and post secondary was a breeze, as were the first several years after. It seemed the older I got the better I was able to handle it.About 7 years ago I started a new job. About a year later I had severe pains, from head to toe shoot through my body on several instances. I thought heart attack at first, but being 23 without any history of heart disease in the family, it seemed unlikely. Doctors ran every test in the book and said it MUST me a muscle issue, however the physiotherapist and massage therapist have been unable to help.Since than I have had constant pain in my chest, muscle tightness, developed a twitch that comes and goes, neck and back pain, digestive problems, irritable bowels and pain in my hands. I am constantly tired, regardless of how much sleep I get, I worry about EVERYTHING, no matter how stupid and unrealistic it is. I expect the absolute worst case scenario to happen with everything. I am always on edge, quick to anger, frustrated. I don't want to do anything or go out anymore, not because I am afraid, but I just don't have the energy or want the hassle. I really dislike social situations and there are times when I feel like there is no hope and everything is caving in on me... and the list goes on.I've been pulling myself together for work, but I completely fall apart the second I get home. Thankfully I fell into some luck and an extending period of time off work. I was really starting to wonder how much longer I could keep going. My boss has his own mental health issues and that has just made everything worse for me.I haven't been to my doctor to discuss this issue specifically. I have mentioned it off hand a few times, but he has not questioned it at all. Hell, I worry about bringing the issue up with him and whether he will believe me or not.Anyway, that's my introduction.