Intrusive thoughts that keep on coming and going.New to this site have tried cbt, interpersonal llttf, moodgym, linden method (probably the worse anxiety recovery programme based on my experience maybe it works for other), seeing a counsellor and now I am seeing a cbt, 19 years old I want an end to this welfare being officer. This worries that come and go. I may go a month feeling more normal but still not quite anxiety free then all of a sudden my mental strength towards a certain catastrophe though disappears. My catastrophic thoughts normally have to do with other people. Thoughts often just pop into my head with more vengeance basically and really rip me apart inside. There was a 4 months period where when the sun came out I would be more relaxed and would not worry. Anxiety just fluctuates month after month although the last time I felt alright was 3 days ago it feels like aggggees ago. The importance of certain thoughts keep on returning. I think it is something that has to do with that it is us completely ignoring how good we did so it is almost as if we are convinced the good moments we had did not happen so on, us knowing that not ignoring the good we did is good but not quite being able to do so.I believe all the bad things that happened. Even if there is a bad event I get over and I use that to get over a catastrophic thought. I believe this could be something much deeper than anxiety if it was just anxiety I think it would have gone. Thoughts going and returning over the space of 6 months, feeling confident one day, then feeling anxious, worrying about something new.I spoke to my doctor several times I feel there are maybe things that I have only just realized that I could tell my doctor but after I go shouted at by my doctor I really cannot be bothered to see them. What worked for you and how can I deal with this GAD. But how do I get rid of everything. How do I know when I am permanently anxiety free how long should I leave it before I try some other anxiety programme etc.