does anyone else get this weird feeling? everything seems loud, forced and forced?Hi,I thought I'd post something that has been bothering me and making me anxious for a while now. I'll apologise in advance because this feeling is so hard to describe and makes me sound crazy.Okay so occasionally I get a 'trance' like feeling where sounds I can hear seem to be louder in my mind and actually seem harsher like aggressive, forced and scary to me. Also, it's like my movements seem forced and emphasised in my mind when they're not. This weird thing only lasts like 3 minutes and doesn't really panic me when they're happening but afterwards I think about it and I feel like I'm crazy or have a neurological disease that NO ONE else has. I usually Google things for reassurance but I've only found one website where people have had similar experiencesBut that panics me because I start to think 'what if what I'm feeling is different to them and I'm the only person who gets this', or 'what if I get it again and I can never come out of it' and no one actually knows what it is. It's so freaky and scary but not actually when it's happening. I make it worse in my mind after it has gone. By the way it goes when I stop thinking about it so I'm wondering if it's just happening because I'm waiting until it does and because I've attached fear to it. I'm so scared it is something serious though.I remember having it as a child like 9 years old (I'm 16 now) and I had it 2 years ago in an exam . But 2 weeks ago I had it twice i think and I had it once again today. I guess because I'm anxious about it it's more frequent.I haven't or won't go to see a doctor about it because I don't even know how to describe it so he can't help and I'm so scared, I don't want to have brain scans or anything like that. I hate hospitals . I just want to know if anyone has experienced this and has any answers?? Or just any reassurance that I'm not crazy?? Please reply nicely, I freak out easily. Sorry if this hasn't made sense but it has been on my mind a lot.Thank you