Don't know how to cope with my stress and anxietyI am sure that I do not have it as bad as many people. I know I don't. I have three diseases and a sleep disorder that keep me sick and physically stressed all of the time, when my boyfriend massages me he is always in awe at how tense everything has become even within a few days. My body hurts and is tense and I become too tired to take care of myself or too mentally fatigued to make appropriate decisions for myself. Which leaves me accidentally hurting myself in ways that I consider to be extremely bad but I suppose that my idea of that is controlled by my anxiety. I will be having a decent day and then remember things that really hurt and upset me and the thoughts and sadness wont go away for days. Stuff that really shouldn't bother a person for so long (like 6 years ago now a cop LIED and gave me a ticket for something i really really didn't even sort of do. I went to court and i choked up because I was young and scared. So every now and then I remember and get stressed out and anxious and angry). I judge myself too harshly for everything like just today i was applying for a job where they wanted to charge me for background checks. I went through with the background check and then they explained the job in full and i realized it wasn't something I was going to be capable of, so i asked please for my background check to be canceled and that I didn't want it to be done, but they said well we just took your finger prints so it is too late and charged me. And at this point my anxiety has become so bad that instead of being upset about it and looking for ways to change it i spent the whole night honestly crying in such terror that I could make such a mistake to waste 90 dollars when I have no money to my name. I am afraid every time I drive that I will mess up and hurt myself or some one else. Everything I do stresses me out enough to entirely kill the joy from it in any way and I haven't felt like i've enjoyed anything in my life for years now. in the past year i've begun getting panic attacks which I cannot control with breathing or any amount of will power. I am beyond my own help with them now. I am not a person to just pop pills especially when I know it's all how i'm looking at things. I read the self help guides on depression and anxiety and I saw therapists growing up my whole life but i just don't understand still how to beat my anxiety. It is going to kill me. I can't sleep anymore because of it. I had a sleep test and the scans showed my brain wakes up , even in deep REM sleep, 4-5 times an hour. I have developed DSPS, if that's even the right diagnosis i'm not sure i trust the doctor with that, because i cannot keep my anxiety under control. When I talk to friends and family and therapists they just don't get it. Or they tell me to just join like a club at school or something. But I don't feel well enough to make that big of a leap and they don't even care. I've been working really hard on my diet which SHOULD control 2 of my three diseases, but sadly not my sleep issues or my muscle and nerve pain. I am only 26 but I feel like my life is out of my own control and that I am not going to be able to ever get a job again and be dependent on my poor family who HATES me because i'm always so stressed and angry no matters how hard I try to just love them and be happy. I have put A LOT of energy into trying to be more positive and I have definitely made some gains there but I just regress like crazy when I feel like i've been taken advantage of or wrong. I don't know how to deal with it. Please if any one has any advice, I know that this post wasn't great and is long but I can't sleep and I feel like i'm going insane. I will try anything you want to offer me and I'll go back to reading the posts here to see if anything will help me specifically. Thank you.