Can anxiety make you feel like yelling out in public?I've had pretty bad full blown anxiety for almost a year now and have had OCD (recurring bad thoughts i can't shake) for a lot longer than that. I am constantly getting this weird head pressure that feels like my head is going to explode when I'm feeling particularly anxious (in large crowds, shopping centres, when I'm alone to name a few) and I think it has to do with my fear that I'm going to have a seizure. I've never had a seizure that I know of but the fear creates horrible sensations in my head that are inexplicable. And I always get the urge to scream out at these moments thinking something bad is just about to happen.ÊWell now I have this new thought: yelling out insults in a public place at someone i love embarassing both them and myself. I would actually rather the seizure than do this... thats how much i don't want to do it. But since this thought started, i don't get the build up of head pressure, it now feels like the physical sensations are in my mouth, like my tongue is going to start having a mind of its own and I'm going to yell these things out, my mouth feels dry and i want to vomit. The fight or flight response is still there, because i want to run away just like when I had the seizure thoughts. And I'm no longer thinking seizure, brain tumor, dying, but tourettes, going crazy, being scared that I'll be unable to control my tongue, making this person hate me though i don't even mean what I'm saying.ÊI've never heard of anxiety/OCD/panic making someone want to start yelling so I'm worried it's not that.ÊThe thing is, I think I've proven that my thoughts are giving me these inexplicable physical reactions. Is this normal with anxiety? It's like my fear has jumped from one to the other, now i don't even care about seizures because i think yelling out something inappropriate (like in church) is worse. I feel like the root of it is I'm terrified of making a scene, embarassing myself be it a seizure or insulting someone. Is this just the vicious cycle of anxiety? Can anyone relate?