My strange on-going experience with anxietyHi everybody. As you can probably tell, I'm brand new. I wanted to share my experience with anxiety simply because I want to see if anyone else has had this experience with it. In summary, I've had a really traumatic life on paper. Long history of mental illness in my family, witnessed a family member die, I was abused up until the age of 14 or so, and I'm my father's caretaker now. He suffers from Alzheimers and also bi-polar/depression. I want to stress though that these memories are only jogged when I'm incredibly depressed.About 2 years ago I was working an incredibly stressful job- one that I had worked all of my life to get. I worked to get that job for years but once I got it, I couldn't handle the hours or pressure. Thats when my anxiety problems began. One night I had an incredible hot flash, and began diarrhea and vomiting all night. This behavior lasted 2 weeks!!Ê I ate about a sandwich per week and desperately tried to pull myself together. Smoked copious amounts of marijuana at this time, simply because what else does a scared younger adult do? It helped me in ways that I'm grateful for, but not really a long term fix for me. Was prescribed seroquel, took it, understood it, and it somewhat worked minus it being enough to knock me out for 17 hrs at at time and turn me into mashed potatoes mentally.My current/long lasting experience with Anxiety: the exact second I wake up, I'm nervous, cold, nauseous, sweaty, and on the verge of ruining my underwear. I run to the bathroom every morning (within ten seconds of consciousness) and have to let out diarrhea and vomiting that have even put my roommates into shock. My brain upon wakening feels like it's been on for hours... not just on, but on FULL SPEED. Doesn't even feel like I slept for the most part. It only slows down after I puke and what I imagine to be endorphins run through my body. My anxiety persists throughout the day, but not quite as hard hitting as morning time. I would however consider my anxiety in the daytime crippling, as it strongly affects everything I do.Dealing with this everyday is so damn miserable. I'm prescibed Remeron that helps me sleep and eat, but still every morning, my body is sending strong strong signals for me to empty out my body. As you can guess, it's a hellish existence. Also was suggested by my psych to stop the Remeron to see how I feel. She claimed there were no side effects from withdrawals. I've never known a person so wrong in my entire life.Maybe someone can shed some light on a similar experience? I think a good first step for me is to understand someones similar experience/perspective. Thanks everybody for hearing me out