Start college tomorrow, don't know if I made a mistake!Hi everyone, it's been so long since I've last been online!I just wanted to come back here as I'm currently in abit of a panic and looking for some support. Any advice is welcome So, things have been going ok over the past couple of months I've been trying to get on with things, I've been learning to drive for the past year which has gone well (my test is coming up, but that's another story!)Anyway, so I decided to apply to college and I start tomorrow morning. As usual I am now getting worried and bad anticipation anxiety and I'm regretting ever applying. I don't know if I've made a mistake...I had to go into the college for an assessment which went ok and I put myself down for night classes (I thought it would be a quieter, calmer atmosphere at night) but I then had second thoughts when it came to it as I didn't want to spend the whole day worrying & not eating before college so I switched over to the daytime class (my thought is I can get up and go and get it over with) But now it's come down to it I really don't know if I can do it!The class is once a week for 3 hours, 9am-12pm. It doesn't sound a lot on paper but in my mind I'm worrying so much about having to be in a class full of people for 3 hours solid. I'm not too bad when I go somewhere if I know I won't be there long but worry when I feel like I can't escape.I'm trying to help myself but I don't know if I'm ready to go back to that sort of environment with students... I don't want to make myself ill with the anxiety every week.I just don't know what to do, right now I feel like I want to chicken out but then I know I'll feel guilty but also relieved. Ahhhh I just don't know what to do Driving TestI have my driving test in 2 days time and I'm freaking out!!!    I just had my last lesson until my test and I made some silly mistakes which has made my anxiety about the whole thing even worse. I'm so so scared!I have to have an hours lesson before my test too and this is making me really anxious as I don't want to have to be in the car for a whole hour before, I just feel like I want to get up and go and get it over with without having to have a lesson before which will give me even more anxiety (as I will have to conceal my panic in front of my instuctor whereas if I were at home I could at least get the panic out and try to calm myself (if that makes any sense at all!?!?)Should I cancel the hour lesson before my test and just go straight to the test? Or even do 30 mins before the test just to warm up? Does anyone have any stories of how you handled your anxiety on your driving test? Is it 10x scarier for us with anxiety or is not as bad because we are used to the anxious feelings and can deal with them maybe better than someone who has never experienced them?I don't know how I'm going to pass, I know my nerves are going to get in the way and cause me to make mistakes. The annoying thing is I'm a good driver if it wasn't for my nerves but I just rush things like my manouvers b ecause I can't keep calm :(