Life problems: Progress diaryHi all,I don't really know what forum to put this in as it relates to real-world problems. This is probably going to turn into a progress diary if anyone's interested!There are several issues affecting my quality of life and stopping me from moving on. I'll deal with them one at a time over the coming weeks. Let's start with the main thing.I was in a short-lived relationship which was really intense and I struggled with the attention. She told me she loved me within the first week. We split up by mutual agreement because I could not cope with her life, due to the constant illness and emergencies within her family. At first, I was relieved to have my life back, but I became extremely lonely and some of my self-worth problems came back with a vengeance; the world quite simply doesn't want to know about single men!I have since found out that she is dating her neighbour, who clearly had a thing for her, but she described him as a "weird" "trainspotter" who she barely noticed. She says she recently realised that she's had strong feelings for him for years.EDIT: During the first days or weeks (am not sure how long) of our relationship, this girl was still constantly logged into POF (Plenty of Fish, a dating site). I don't think she was replying to messages although she may have been reading them. She got several messages a day. She was always using her phone, so I could see the notifications at the top of her screen, and she left her phone unattended all the time (I only sneaked a look once). It wasn't a big deal to her so there was probably nothing going on, it just seems a bit of a mickey-take with hindsight. She was also on another dating site because she actually told me about a message she received from another girl, who was trying to trick her into paying for the dating site (this was several weeks into our relationship).I can't begin to describe how I feel. There's a crazy inner tension that I recognise as ADHD and anxiety. I'm jealous, I'm furious, I'm lonely, I'm betrayed, I'm happy for her, I'm relieved someone has taken that burden away forever. My heart pounds, my nerves burn, my stomach feels like I sent it up on a space shuttle, and I feel like the most inadequate man on the surface of the Earth.I have tried online dating again, even though I KNOW I'm not ready for it. Online dating is demoralising and I don't know why I subject myself to it.I need to sort myself out first: lose some weight, get some nicer clothes, get private physio for my arthritis, overcome my impulsive behaviour, face my inner demons. I don't know where I am going with this. I just need to get it out of me and get feedback from anyone who wants to say anything at all.

Complaining about the NHSHi all,In addition to the pantomime going on in my war against anxiety and ADHD, I have had to seek private treatment for ADHD. ADHD is apparently the reason why I have suffered so badly for so long. I was recommended to start medication treatment for ADHD in February 2014, but due to overall NHS incompetence, I haven't got close to treatment yet.I am now seeing a private ADHD specialist to begin medication therapy this week. I have already begun a complaint about the NHS, and I have just added the following. Please let me know what you all think:---Hi [xxxx] 