I had to leave work early today because I had an anxiety attack..I was so embarassed.I started taking cipralex a little over a year ago and the anxiety attacks went away for awhile. But.. gradually they started to sneak back in. Just little ones at first.. over time they started to get worse, but it wasn't ANYTHING like the ones I had before I started taking medication.ÊI had an anxiety attack at work a week or two ago. It wasn't a huge attack.. so I muscled through the day and got home and everything was fine. But then today.. today was alright up until about 4pm. I suddenly had a dizzy spell.. and it scared me.. and I think that's what started the attack.I felt like the blood was draining from my body. I feel sick to my stomach and I was so dizzy. I told my supervisor what was happening and she found me a quiet room where I could wait for my husband to come get me. He took me to the hospital because it was escalating into one of THOSE attacks.THOSE attacks.. are so.. scary. Choking, heart beating irregularly.. feeling of unreality.. hands and feet tingling. My face and head tingles too.. sometimes it feels like my eyes are going to bulge out of my head. I struggle against it but eventually I just get tense to where I can't move anymore.. and I can't talk. It's almost like I'm comatose. I can think and tears roll down my cheeks because I'm so terrified I'll pass out and die in those long moments. And.. I do mean long. THOSE attacks can last for well over an hour.Like I said.. I haven't had one of THOSE attacks for awhile. I though the cipralex had helped and I was going to be ok. But now.. I'm so scared because it could happen again. I could be at work and have it happen again. I'm already so humiliated because I had to tell my supervisor.. I don't want people to know about this.ÊI just want to be normal..I've tried counselling. I even went to see a psychiatrist.. but all he wanted to do was prescribe more meds.I don't drink.. I don't smoke.. I don't do drugs.. I don't even drink pop anymore, (it hurts my stomach)..ÊWhat can I do? I have a loving husband and an awesome low-stress job. I've got money enough to be comfortable and I've got three cats who I adore. I'm a bit of a socialphobe so I don't have alot of friends.. and those friends that I do have I sort of keep at arms length.. it's just part of who I am.I'm at a loss. These attacks are becoming crippling. I just want to lead a normal life.. go to work.. buy a house.. live happily ever after.. but.. if I want to be honest.. I just sort of want to go to sleep and never wake up again.