Upcoming plane ride and extreme anxiety about it!Hello! Thank you for taking the time to read and help me with this.I have been visiting Arizona for a few months and I am going back home to Arkansas on the 16th, so very soon. I ended up staying in Arizona much longer than I planned due to family issues. While out here, I ran out of anxiety medication (Zoloft 50mg) and the past few weeks have been hell without it. I can't get it refilled until I go back to Arkansas because my insurance is based in Arkansas and no one in Arizona will accept it.ÊI have been on a plane once, coming out here, but this time I will be alone. My boyfriend was with me the first time, but returned home before I did.Although I have already been on a plane and somewhat know what to expect, I am panicking every second about the upcoming flight. Just being that high in the air with no way to get out for 3 hours in driving me bonkers. I am going to do it regardless, but I'm terrified that I will have a panic attack on the plane.Does anyone have any ideas on how to handle this anxiety? I really do try to calm myself with deep breathing and distractions, but my anxiety hits me so hard that I find it hard to control.. actually, impossible to control.Now, this may sound incredibly stupid, sorry, but I'm wondering if this is a possible solution short term, for 6 days until I get to Arkansas.My dad takes Paxil 20mg and clonazepam 0.5mg. He said that I could take a clonazepam on the plane to calm my anxiety and I could take his paxil until I got back to Arkansas.I am really too afraid to do this because it seems dangerous and I don't want to have an adverse reaction or maybe ruin zoloft for me, if that's possible, because zoloft honestly works WONDERS for me. Does anyone have experience doing this? I have been off of zoloft for a few weeks and my anxiety is getting awful again and I want a relief so I can get home. Has anything over the counter helped any of you? I was going to try passion flower, but every place I go they don't have it.Thank you for your help in advance. :)