Familiar Symptoms?Hi!I'll start off by making it clear that I'm not asking for a diagnosis or anything close to it. I'm currently considering the possibility that I might have GAD, but I want to know if thissounds like familiar symptoms (whether that means its something else thats related or GAD i will investigate more if it turns out to be true). A note ahead of time, to make my situation more clear: I am on the Autism Spectrum and I identify as someone with Aspergers (although it is not a formal disorder any more). That being said, I know anxiety is a something commonly comorbid with Autism, so it may or may not be related.In general, I've had my anxiety since childhood. I tend to have it most when I am overwhelmed - especially with things I don't understand. It comes in waves when I feel overwhelmed, but usually not otherwise, and I become overwhelmed very fast when I do see something I generally don't know how to approach or don't understand. I don't, meanwhile, get anxiety because I'm worried about how people see me. It's a lot of "I see this problem, and I don't know where to even begin, so I generally don't think there's a solution right now", which usually leads to me sometimes lashing out at people, even though I'm not angry at them - just frustrated and anxious. Except for stress-inducing stimuli, I'm usually otherwise happy and calm - but when I the initial stressor begins, my whole productivity and positivity halts for it, and I have major difficulties listening to advice, letting people help me, and generally functioning. My only way I can calm down is someone skilled with working with anxious people (i.e. doesn't try to fix my problems, is empathetic, listens...) or taking breaks from the actual stressor, which, depending on how urgent/stressful it is and how much of it is still relevant/nearby as I am trying to calm down, can take from 5 minutes to several hours. So - basically - I don't want to know if I have GAD from you guys or not (as you aren't professionals). If the symptoms seem FAMILIAR, I will discuss the idea with my own therapist and counsellors and get a proper diagnosis/not diagnosis.In the meantime, does this sound familiar to anyone? Should I look into it more?