Can you teach me how to care less?...Hello all,I am able to cope with any personal problem coming my way, I can handle breakups better than all the people I know, I am not bothered much if I loose money/get fired, I simply find a way to fix the situation and move forward.I am a very happy and optimistic person and it that sense I am considered to be a very strong person.My problem is with my inability to accept a close family member's problem vs if I had the problem myself.If my brother will get depressed because of his work, it affects me and will keep my mind busy several times a day, it WILL significantly impact how I feel.If my nephew will have a problem which needs attention, that will affect me in the same way.If my brother will need special hospital treatment it will absolutely cause me to think about it all the day and just try to find ways to solve it.If I was the one who needed the treatment, It would be much easier for me to handle and to accept.Again, what happens to ME I can accept easily, not so when it comes to my family.I can't seem to be able to see a family member suffering from something significant (not talking about minor issues), it keeps bothering me and affects my personal happiness in a way which doesn't allow me to live the life I want and can and definitely in a more intense way that it affects others.It's like I would like to find a way to hear someone's problem without caring much after the conversation had ended, same as we all feel when we see a war somewhere in the end of the world, we all care but when the show finished it rarely comes to mind and definitely doesn't affect our lives significantly.I know it sounds bad but that's the truth, as someone who took care of his father for over 15 years and sacrifice most of his life for the well being of his father, I would like to take control of my life and start handling MY issues rather than others.I read something about Hyper-empathic, I am not sure that this is the case but it seems very similar to what I feel, I would like to learn what is the best way to "care less"...Thank you for your help!