Bad thoughts, please helpHey everyone. After 6 months of feeling great, thinking I was cured - I'm back to stage one after obsessing over The poasibility of having a heart attack. Okay, I feel anxious - at least I AM not having DP/dr issues I thought - and then boom, they came back also -okay, at least I am not depressed - and soon I got depressed again! :( I cannot deal with this. I was in medication and therapy for a year, I became better, stopped medication, was good for months and now when I thought I was cured this happened. i cannot live with this. I'm starting to think I'll have to deal with this forever. I AM again becoming anxious at every little signal at my body, depersonalization is back, I'm always tired, no energy for anything, and recently discovered my father is like this also when it comes for deseases, and was always like this, which makes me think it's genetical and I'll have The same fate of suffering like he does. I cannot stop feeling bad, I look at anything and it makes me feel anxious and desesperate, like looking ar my room and outside and it doesn't feel weird, not wanting to go to restaurantes and coffee shops because the light makes me feel so weird, looking at PHOTOGRAPHS and feeling TERRIBLE just by thinking about how bad I'd feel there. And this is not agoraphobia, I am not scared to go outside and I do all The time. I'm super scared of life. Imagining me marrying, having a family, doing house work... Completely destroys me because it feels weird and bad. I AM not happy now and I feel like I'll never be. I feel like I'll have a short life, I feel like something terrible is going to happen. I just can't imagine growing old because it feels like my mind is killing me... It's so weird. Please help me. :( I can't also stop thinking that my parents will die and I won't be able to Cope. I can't imagine living without them. Everything feels so weird. I've got constant tinnitus in my hears, my vision is weird, I always feel terrible, it feels like I'm slowly fading away from life. I don't want to live like this Everyone seems so happy and cheerful living their lives, full of energy. I feel like I can't enjoy it. Everything in this world feels wrong and not suitable for me. I don't wanna be like this. I had to quit college now because I am not motivated and I was living alone there, which I can't Cope to do now...