Arm vein "clot" - doctor's don't know what they are doing...So a few days ago I had posted about my vein story. To make that short and sweet, 3 weeks ago I had a procedure done and they put an IV in my inner elbow vein (basilic vein I believe). 2 days after my vein got very hard and developed a lump. I went to the doctor who did an ultrasound and said nothing showed up. The doctor and ultrasound tech both felt my arm and could feel it however, the ultrasound was clear so they diagnosed me with "phlebitis" and I went on my merry, panicked way. Fast forward to yesterday. A week after my first ultrasound. I go back to the same doctor, who orders the same ultrasound - however, I now have a different ultrasound tech. The hard vein/ball is not getting remotely better despite heat pads and ibuprofen as directed. This was supposed to be the "cure all" in my case of "phlebitis". They were wrong.New ultrasound tech does the ultrasound, starts at my jugular then goes down my arm. Checking every singe vein - both deep and superficial. He see's nothing. I tell him he is obviously missing something. I have him physically touch the hard vein and lump. He feels it. I'm not crazy. He puts the ultrasound "wand" back onto my arm - BAM! There it is, something he calls a "lump/knot". He tells me it is not IN the vein but ATTACHED to the vein.   The doctor comes back and tells me the same thing. I asked what it is from. She thinks the IV could have infiltrated the vein, causing inflammation (hard vein) and scar tissue (hard ball attached to vein). She prescribes steroids after I make her sign her life away that this isn't a clot that is going to break free, get stuck in my lungs and lead me down a painful, quick death. This, however, makes no sense to me. I cannot find any information about knots attached to the vein (opposed to being IN them) nor can I find anything about infiltration causing knots. I am a firm believer that my doctor is an idiot as well as her ultrasound techs. My husband is pleading with me to just let it go - that it is harmless, yet I sit here - every waking hour, waiting for it to move into my lungs.   