Depressed partner, lots of insecurities... Experiences?My boyfriend is very depressed at the moment, and now he has completely shut me out. This has really set off my anxiety again, because I've been genuinely happy for as long as I've known him and I'm so scared that it'll all just end.I didn't get to know him as well as I'd like before things took a turn for the worse, and I don't really know what to do in this situation as it just seems like he's just pushing me further away week by week. Not being able to predict how things are going to turn out is really hard on me (I take comfort in analyzing people and their actions so I feel prepared for whatever comes). I know I shouldn't actually expect anything from someone experiencing depression, but it's so incredibly hard to just act like everything is ok when we're not part of eachother's lives these days.He's actually really outgoing, loving, goofy and open about a lot of major parts of his life (even though we haven't known eachother that long) and we used to text all day, but now we don't communicate at all anymore, and I really miss that. I'm extremely insecure and I don't trust that anyone can be "there" for me for very long no matter.. Though I really tried to give him the benefit of the doubt, I inevitably began thinking that I was the problem when his texts got shorter and rarer (that was before I realized that he was actually depressed). Thinking that he was perhaps tired of me already I just asked him if he didn't want to be in a relationship with me anymore, but he claimed that he was just incredibly tired because of his job. He's a truck driver and spends all day sitting still and he mostly sleeps and watches tv when he's off the clock, so the truth in that's definitely not in question.Eventually I began to accept that it wasn't our relationship that was the problem, and I've told him several times that I'm not going anywhere and that he just needs to take care of himself and I'll be here when he bounces back. He doesn't seem to believe that things will get better for him and that I understand, but he still hasn't said anything about wanting to break up or needing space (our relationship is long-distance right now so "space" would be not texting..). Yet I haven't seen him in a month now, even though he was supposed to come home this weekend, and I don't even think he's been here at all since my friend asked me why his parking was empty when she drove past his house today. I sent him a message last Friday, and he hasn't even opened it yet. He still talks and hangs out with his friends, it seems like it's only me he's shutting out. I know he doesn't have much room in his life right now to think about how this is affecting me, but being the only person who doesn't get to talk or be with him just feels really sh*tty... I don't know how I can even "be there" for someone that doesn't even seem to care about me being there, half the time I don't want to risk letting him down and the other half I don't think he'd even notice.The "sane" part of me knows that he's probably being distant because I've seen how bad he's doing right now and he can't hide it when he's around me. I also realize that my insecurities have clouded my mind and probably made him feel guilty, I've apologized to him for that and he said it was okay because he doesn't understand his own feelings at the moment... And I've probably asked him how he's holding up one too many times, because I didn't realize then and there how difficult it must've been for him to answer that question. I regret that, but it's not like I get to tell him that.Still, I find myself having these irrational thoughts in moments of weakness about him secretely pushing me away so that I'll be the one ending the relationship and he doesn't have to, or other idiotic scenarios. I don't want to think he'd do something like that, depressed or not, but my trust-issues are always testing my common sense and I can go through so many moodswings in a short period of time that I'm completely overwhelmed these days. I've been severely depressed myself for years, but I know it's different for everyone and trying to undestand what it's like for him is hopeless. My rational side also knows that all I can do for him at the moment is leave him be, but the insecure part desperately wants to hear him to admit that he needs space and why he's not talking to me. Actually, any form of communication would be nice. Part of me thinks the depression will just take over every aspect of his emotions and he'll stop caring about me altogether, but I don't buy that entirely yet. I've come to realize I need to be in the know or completely out of the picture, but wasting our relationship because of my own selfish insecurities would be a terrible mistake because who he really isis without a doubt worth all this. Yet... I can't control my moodswings and I constantly need to convice myself to act like an adult and see things from a certain perspective and not screw things up.Guess it's not that much easier for people on this forum to wrap their heads around the situation, but any advice whatsoever is appreciated. I always have to remind myself why this shouldn't get to me and that process can be rather lengthy and usually repeats itself several times a day... I know I'm just making it worse on myself but I can't help it. I also have this fear that if I choose not to let it get to me even a little or just too much, my feelings for him will fade. I tend to not allow myself to care when I fear my feelings aren't being returned, and I don't want to be like that.If you've been either him or me in a similar scenario, how did you deal with it?