pregnant and my ex with GAD says awful things to meHello, I'm 8 and a half months pregnant. My ex who has GAD dumped as soon as I told him that I'm pregnant. Everything in our relationship had been great up until that point. He lashed out and said the meanest things possible. Then a week later, took them back and tried to justify the breakup by telling me that I had actually ended or relationship 2 weeks before finding out I was pregnant. We argued back and forth for 2 months and then he started trying to win me back. Saying that he loved me and wanted to raise our child with me. We got back together for about 3 months. .at first it was great again. he seemed to be interested in our baby. But he eventually began to distance from me more and more If I asked at all of we were actually a couple again. He seemed not to want a title. He would want everything that a relationship offers, but seemed to build a wall at the thought of us progressing back to relationship with a title. Finally he completely went silent with me. Wouldn't acknowledge dropping whatever we were doing together, and just stayed talking to me like it was all business, and other than that. .he didn't know me. We went a month without speaking. I tried to open up communication because my due date is close and I wanted us to at least be on better terms. At first, it seemed hopeful. He was nicer, but still acting as though we were never together, and this was all just cold business. Yesterday, I mentioned child support, because I will need the help to raise our baby. He lashed or and said that I was being selfish. .that I was showing my true colors, and that he doesn't care to know me at all. I was hurt. This is a person, that with everything that has happened..I still had hoped that maybe he would come around and want to be more involved and possibly give us another try. I realize now, that's not going to happen. My question is. ..,was his lash out caused by his anxiety? I've really done some soul searching because of this entire experience through my pregnancy. I feel bullied in a way by his lash outs. Like I have to back down to keep him friendly and nice. Can anxiety disorder cause someone to behave that way to another person? I've never felt uglier.