HELP?!?!?Hi,I am wondering if anyone can give any advice on our situation please?My Dad has always had a very bleak and negative outlook on life. And will ALWAYS put obstacles in the way, of EVERYTHING! And i really do mean EVERYTHING! He does have a dark side to him and can be very moody and sulk! Not violent! He doesn't really live, only exists. He retired a few months ago and has NO outside interests at all, so stays at home and smothers my poor Mum!My parents divorced many years ago, but we all live together, but not happily. It was more a financial arrangement and to try and give my Dad a bit of a better life than what he had!Mum and I often end up having conversations about what he has done that day and it does neither of us any good, as more than normal, he has always done something wrong! We don't know if he does it on purpose, so that we then dont ask him again?My Dad has NO self respect and never has had! He has no comprehension when you are trying to explain things to him.We feel that he has a slight OCD issue as well? For example......as soon as the green waste bin is empty......he has to fill it straight back up! It had rained yesterday, but the bin was empty and he was out there trying to get the mower through the wet grass??He sits in the lounge in the evenings watching re-runs of shows that he has watched for last few years! Very rarely changes his clothes. Has no respect for Mum or I, in the fact that he isn't very clean.He goes out food shopping but basically looks like a tramp!He recently had a mild stroke and heart attack and has been on statins, which we know can affect the memory. But the stuff that he talks about is absolute rubbish!Please don't get me wrong whilst you are reading this. I love my Dad and i wish that there was something that i could do to help him, but he really is a lost cause! My Nan, Mum, late Grand Father and I have all tried with him, but he just doesn't want to do anything. He cannot mentally engage in any conversations and totally looks through me when i try??He is making my Mum depressed, as she is also retired but does have a lot of outside activities, but he does smother her a lot. He wants to help and does try his very best at times. But once his little routine is done......he sits and wallows! Then he will sulk and the petulance will start.It's like having an elderly child!Any advice, would be very much appreciated.Please feel free to ask any questions, as it may uncover more than i have written.Thank You.