In a bad wayAnxiety has been really bad today - not panic attacks as such, but feeling constantly on edge as well as feeling like I'm going to be sick (which I have been trying to do, to get it out of the way) I took a 2mg Diazepam at 3pm, whilst gave me a few hours peace, but didn't last too long. Feel like I'm sort of climbing the walls - unable to settle and worrying about if I will sleep tonight. :( When my anxiety has been really bad before, I've had sleep problems and it would seem that I'm becoming locked into that cycle again. Monday can't come quick enough - I'm going to go and see the GP to ask for some sleeping pills (to take as and when) and also some more Diazepam, but a stronger dose. 2mg just doesn't seem to do anything and it's not like I've been popping them like smarties - I've had 4 in the last 2 weeks.Just so fed up and I feel totally a mess. So much has been going on in my head of recent, it's no wonder I'm this ill. I've not even done any relaxation today, but I might try some before bed in a bit. Am at my wits end, almost. :(FrightenedAnxiety has been up the last couple of days - reasons being, I think - a change in routine for when my wife and daughter return to work/school tomorrow which presents me with a couple of problems that my anxiety has sub-consciously locked on to. Getting up early (640am) for the school run and also being faced with being on my own through the day. As it is, am trying to plan stuff to do every day to keep myself busy. For instance, a trip to Newcastle tomorrow, which I might walk (2miles) to put some cash in the bank, etc. So tonight, I plan on being in bed by 11pm - will take a Temazepam 15/20mins before and it will hopefully get me some reasonable sleep. This will be the 4th night in a row that I've taken a sleeping aid - after a break of 3 days.I'm obviously still fretting about so much and it's not doing the anxiety any good. It's an awful thing being frightened and just wanting some respite/it to stop. The horrible thing is that last time I became totally overwhelmed, I started experiencing some awful thoughts - suicidal. I got through it that time as I asked for help. I don't want to become like that again - but I must stop thinking like that.I've been back on Citalopram now for about 8 weeks and have recently upped my dose to 40mg a day - which was what I was on previously. I had kinda hoped that it would have kicked in by now.A blip - good days and bad daysAnxiety hasn't been great today, same as over the weekend. Not sure if there has been a trigger as such, but am trying to remember that blips are part of the recovery process and I should see it as that. Problem is, when the anxiety strikes - I tend to worry about stuff that I otherwise wouldn't. It's almost a shift in focus that is hard to arrest.I'm 2.5 weeks in to being on 40mg Citalopram, so I hope it's still kicking in. The Citalopram itself, I've been back on for about 9 weeks. The anxiety itself is different to what it was 3/4 weeks ago - this time, it's a tight feeling in the throat, coupled with sweaty hands and feeling as if something bad is going to happen. Gone is the nausea (thankfully) but when it's bad, it's still with me as soon as I get up in the morning. It makes for a long day, so again I'm going to have to plan some stuff to do this week and keep myself around people if I can, rather than sitting in the house and winding myself up! In-laws tomorrow, I think - if they don't mind some company. Weather up in Newcastle is supposed to be pretty poor tomorrow. I'm still keeping on going with my Journal - think I'll have a fair bit to write about tonight, and get these thoughts 'challenged' on paper.On a positive note, I've managed to find the book 'Esstential Help for your Nerves', by Dr Claire Weekes. Been a good few years since I read it, so am going to revisit it tonight. 