Will I ever be free of thisI'm here because I can't live like this anymore. And the thought that I can't live like this scares me. I've had anxiety for ten years now, not always bad, sometimes crushing. It manifests in different things, but mostly it is centered around  some kind of losing control. There is always an incident that sets off my anxiety, and in eventless periods I can avoid too much anxiety. Last time it was cooking, I didn't dare to cook because something would catch on fire (even boiling water) or I would set off the central alarm system. I made my boyfriend empty a casserole of boiling water in the bathroom once because I thought the steam would set off the alarm... I'm still not at ease with cooking, but I do it because I have to eat. And because I tired of only eating microwave dinner after six months. This time, it is weather. Cooking, I could avoid. Weather, I can't avoid. What set it off was a heavy lightning strike in January. The whole house trembled, car alarms went off, everything electrical in my house got fried. Ever since, I can't relax in my own home. I'm OK everywhere else, but at home I feel under constant danger. Of fire, og another lightning strike. I check the forecast several times a day, and if it says "chance of thunder", I sit in my bed with everything unplugged all day long. I can't get out of my house fast enough. I'm sure my boss is thrilled at the hours I spend at work. The problem is that I can't rationalise this fear. There IS a danger of thunder. I look at the skies now, dark and dangerous, and even though there is no forecast of thunder, I have everything unplugged. I'm paralysed. My life after work centers around the forecast, a lightning monitoring site and constantly watching the skies. There has not been a single thunderstorm since January. I'm still constantly, and I can't stress this enough, constantly worried about it happening. I have at least two glasses of wine every night to be able to sleep. I long for the clock to turn eight so that I can finally get some relief. I don't want to turn into an alcoholic, but I don't want to go on benzo either. My muscles are so tense, my stomach is a tornado and my brain aches. I'm highly successful otherwise in my life, so I can't find and external reason for this self torture! Please, anyone. Help. The danger checker isn't helping me, because I still feel there is a chance of thunder every time I see dark clouds. Which is almost daily. Thanks for letting me get this all out. I know it is a wall of text, and you've probably heard this a million times before.