Really struggling today :(I started a job in a new store for my company last month and the manager there is unbearable to work for. I know my time there is limited, as i have been told i am going back to my old store, i just have to wait until someone on a medical leave comes back. Even though i know they should be back within the next couple of weeks, when i'm at work i feel my anxiety go through the roof for the entire time i'm there. Most times i have to take a step back and sit down to collect myself and then push myself through the rest of the day. I hate it there and am miserable, but i know that i cannot quit and knowing that it is temporary in that store gives me a little glimmer of hope, but not that much. My anxiety makes me feel like i'm trapped and the only time i am able to control my anxiety is when i am out with friends or sleeping. I feel no pain when i'm sleeping, and i'm able to get a good 8 or 9 hours a night depending on what time i have to be up in the morning. The last week my anxiety has been so bad, sometimes i feel like i have a control over it and other times i don't. I feel like theres been so many stories in the news and on social media about people passing away, and it freaks me out. I always have to go searching for more information to find out what the cause was, and then i convince myself that maybe i have that. My friends have all reassured me that i am fine and it's just my anxiety getting in the way, and i know anxiety can cause so many physical and mental symptoms in someone. I just want to be able to live my life because i'm young, i'm only 23 years old and i should be spending my time worrying about what i'm going to do this weekend instead of worrying about illnesses and diseases. Anybody else feel this way? How do you cope/deal?first appointment with the OBGYN tomorrow...i'm terrified! :(I am 23 years old, and i have never been to the gynocologist. I started having sex when right before i turned 22, and i've only been with one person. My anxiety finally got me to make an impromptu last minute appointment for tomorrow morning, just so i can have peace of mind. I've been reading so much (because i have a bad habit of googling things) about cervical and ovarian cancer, and they have absolutely terrified me! I've never missed a period since i started getting them, and for the most part, they have always been regular except for a couple times where i have been 2-11 days late. I noticed that the months i was late, i was worried something was wrong with me when i didnt get it the day i was supposed to, so i was constantly thinking about it, which i know can delay it. The one month that i was 11 months late, i was very stressed out as my grandfather was not doing well and i had anxiety throughout the whole month pretty much. But other than that, i know in my mind there is no reason for me to obsess or worry over these kinds of cancers. But i do worry because i have had some pelvic pain, that comes and goes. I notice it mostly when i have anxiety, but there have been times where it would come for a couple minutes and then disappear. It was never bad enough where i couldnt move or walk or anything like that, it was just kind of there. I also started getting lower back pain, but i am almost certain that is from work, as i work in a department where i am constantly bending, moving, and lifting heavy items, which was different than the job i used to have. I just hope that everything is ok. Should i be nervous about my appointment tomorrow? Are they good at making sure your ovaries are fine? I've read on a lot of sites that there aren't any tests to check for ovarian cancer. That scares me. I only get bloated before my period, and i only have to pee frequently if i drink a lot in a short amount of time and then am constantly walking around. I am terrified of the unknown and i'll be terrified until i get my results back hopefully saying that i have a clean bill of health :/ I'm so nervous guys Im A Hypochondriac...Can anyone help? :/Hey guys. i'm 23 years old, and to my advantage, i have a doctor in my family. I went recently for general blood work because i hadn't been in a while. My weight is healthy, my blood pressure is normal, and he asked me why i wanted blood work done, asked if i had any symptoms and i said no it's just been a while. He took two tubes of blood, and ran tests for the normal things like liver, kidney, blood count cell etc. The results came back today and he told me everything was good & normal. While i was also there, i had mentioned that i was having some under arm pain. Now i had freaked myself out for days prior to my appointment because like most hypochondriac, we google things and diagnose ourselves with the most rare diseases possible. He checked my lymph nodes in my arm pit, and in my neck and didn't find anything out of the usual. I think the pain is either related to my anxiety, or work. I am constantly on my feet for 8 hours a day 6 days a week, and use both my arms on a daily basis. I work in retail hanging signs and tags for products, and being short, i sometimes have to really reach to replace the old tag. The pain mostly radiates to my back, and i've checked myself multiple times and i haven't found any lumps or anything. It doesn't hurt when i touch it, or put deodorant on or anything like that, and since my blood work came back normal, it makes me feel a little bit better because although generalized blood tests can't test for cancers like lymphoma, i read in an article that your blood cell count would come up abnormal if something like that was happening. (Can anyone confirm that?) The doctor thinks its mostly due to muscle, based off where i explained the pain was. The pain comes and goes, but if i really start thinking about it, i feel it more and more. When i am able to relax and sleep, or not think that it's this horrible disease, then i don't notice it that much. Anyone else ever experience this type of pain?