A life of what ifsMy sister & I were home by ourselves earlier & she said she was gonna jump in the shower. I asked her to hurry. She says why, I'm right here? I tell her What if I panic while she's in the shower & then I'll have no one to take me to hospital. She says, is that how you live your life? On what ifs? It made me sad. She wasn't meaning to be rude at all. But it made me sad because for the last 3-4 years, my life has been nothing but what ifs.. I'm not living my life. I'm hiding from it. Even when I'm on my meds, the what if thoughts still linger, just with no anxiety. My point is, what a sad life. I'm wasting this precious time here by running everything around my anxiety..I'm gonna puke!!Took my mom to the eye doctor today. Was told she has a retina tear & has to be sent out for surgery Monday morning 1 hr & 30 minutes away..I obviously cannot go due to my stupid agoraphobia. & i'm freaking out about her being gone & having surgery & me not being there. My dads going with her & my sister is staying with me but I just wanna cry.. I wish they were doing the surgery here so I could be there  idk how I'm gonna get through it.& my mom is scared about it so I'm worried about her having anxiety while she's gone.My first actual crippling attackIt just hit me yesterday.. I was picking my brain & wondering why I couldn't be alone.. Then it hit me:My first attack that kicked me on my ass a couple years ago was when I was at work alone. I worked at Papa Murphys & I was a supervisor so I would get left alone for an hour almost every shift. One day, it got busy & I was all alone. BAM, panic attack. I had other things going on in my life that were stressing me out but this particular moment brought on the attack. I kept having them after this. Even when I wasn't alone.So, now I know why I choose to not be left alone. Idk what this helps because I'm still scared lol but now I know why.I didn't ask for this life..I just need to vent. So I'm always with my mom because I can't be left home alone. Well today I saw a text from her to my dad about how she can't ever do anything alone because of me.. It broke my heart. No one will allow me to get back on medication but they aren't making this any easier. I hate this much more than they do. They don't understand the constant fear I live in everyday. I know I'm a burden but I always beg them to please bare with me until the baby is here & I can take my medication again. I feel like I have no one 