Help!!! What is wrong with me?  10    Apologies this may take some time. And it's all rather embarrasing which I why I am posting here before I even think about saying any of this to my doctor. (I'm not entirely convinced that my 'problems' are real or even that serious. Not when I compare them to what other people go through)So, as far back as around 9 or 10 years old I remember having OCD type symptoms. So for example I would have to say a popstars name, that I liked at the time, constantly over and over in my head. This progressed to other names over the years. Another that I remember was having to tap a certain number of times on the bathroom doorframe before leaving our bathroom. Or there have been things with marks on the pavement etc. I've had so many different variations over the years I can't remember them all. As soon as I had 'defeated' one, another would pop up in its place. These symptoms have seemed to dissappate (but not completely gone away) over the years but have instead been replaced by something much worse. ( I should maybe add that I was a very shy, unconfident, child and suffered a fair amount of bullying).So I guess the next major 'problem' I had was the summer I left school (at 17). I guess it must have been around the May. I remember feeling very 'high' for I guess a good number of weeks. During this time I was fixated on Johnny Depp and felt completley in love with him. Not unusal for a teenage girl to feel of course, but there was more to it than that. Although I was feeling 'high' I also didn't feel 'normal'. I can remember feeling rather 'removed' from everything. I specifically remember walking into the kitchen one day and talking to my mum, and my head being full of him and feeling like I was literally walking on air and completely 'filled up'. But I'm not sure I actually felt 'happy'. I think Ithought I was, but it was a different sensation to that. I also wrote a poem around that time that was something about being alone or wanting to die or some such topic, and I was utterly convinced it was the most profound piece of poetry ever written and read it out to my mum thinking she would love it and maybe even see about having it published. Her reaction was rather disappointing. So I destroyed it.And yes this might all sound like normal teenage behaviour, but I then completely crashed after this 'high' I had been on. At first I was convinced I had diabetes as I remember feeling terrible and my mouth being very dry. I was quite insane with worry. The doctor did a test (I was fine) and put me on anitbiotics for some reason. I then slid into the most awful depression. I slept all day, barely dragging myself out of bed to go to the loo or anything. I was in a complete state but my mum obviously couldn't cope and she never took me back to the doctor. Eventually after a long time I began to manage to do more stuff, but now, although I was 'out' I remember barely being able to move my head from side to side as my neck muscles must have been rigid. My head felt fuzzy, people and sounds seemed fuzzy and distant. This went on for weeks/months.In the September I started college. But the night before I was wide awake the whole night. My heart was racing and I remember vividly the feeling of the rush of adrenalin sweep over me and into my chest. I literally sat in a living room chair all night with one of our cats on my knee. My mum was so shocked to find me there in the morning! And the depressive feelings continued on. I still felt 'removed' and not normal. I dropped out of the course in the February. Luckily by the time I started another course the following September I  was feeling more 'normal'.But ever since that time I have suffered from anxiety and mood swings. I can get extremely 'emotional'. And I know for many years that I have even been consciously aware of being scared of letting go and just feeling happy because, apart from the time I left school, I have experienced other times where my mood can crash after feelings of 'elation'. Just perhaps not on the same scale as that first time. And I do really have a huge struggle with self-doubt and anxiety. I cannot seem to cope with even the smallest bit of stress. My head thinks thoughts I can't control. I get obsessed by things or people. I can't seem to follow anything through. I have ideas that I will do this or that, and buy loads of books on a subject, then lose interest.Most recently my husband who I had been with since I was 19 (I'm now nearly 40) left in October. Without getting into the complications of my marriage, I had come close to having full breakdowns many times in the last few years, but when he left I could no longer keep up the 'pretence' and the 'face' that I always put on for the outside world, so I finally 'broke'.However, I then met a lovely man online and completely fell for him. But he has bipolar and disappered in January. I have since sent him more and more ludicrous emails, and made a complete fool of myself. But I couldn't stop myself. My thoughts have been completely messed up. I am a mess. I now can't stop breaking down and crying. One, because I genuinly liked this guy. But two, because my brain has gone completely haywire and not for the first time. I get obsessive, and my thoughts get caught up in loops. But I don't know why. And I wanted to stop emailing him but I couldn't. And now I have driven myself quite mad. And now I'm worried I have made things worse for him, and that is the last thing I wanted to do.But now my 'face' is back on for everyone. I smile. I meet friends for coffee. I tell people what jobs I am applying for. I talk about normal mundane stuff.But I have obsessions right now that I can't tell them about because I don't want them to think I am weird or pathetic, or childish even. For example, I have been obsessed with my horoscope for months now.Those were some of the prompts for things I emailed my 'absent friend'. I mean, that just isn't normal is it!? I know plently of people read those things, but they have done some real tangible damage to me (and consequently to him. I know this for a fact as something I said caused him to take himself of a website he was on for how work). So that is rather serious I think.I can't sleep at night. I am crying all the time. I can't tell anyone that I am completely terrified of finding another job as I can't face any form of responsibilty. I don't want it. But I don't want to feel like that. I'm not a stupid person. I have a brain. I'm quite a 'capable' person. I just can't 'cope'!!I'm so very tired of feeling like this. I want to be able to get out and enjoy my life before it's too late. Oh and to a certain extent I have experienced/do experience 'magical' thoughts. I just don't think that I really truly believe them though. There is always a tiny part of my brain knows it is all rubbish, but still...that doesn't stop the thoughts.Well I have missed plently out. Just can anyone out there tell me if any of this is just in my 'head' (ha!) or is there actually something wrongwith me? I don't want to go to the doctor with all this and embarrass myself to the point of wishing for my extinction, if there isn't actually anything properly, 'medically' wrong with my brain! I can't help feeling like I should just be able to pull my socks up and shake off these feelings. But I can't.I feel completely lost. Please can someone relpy.