How I recently defeated my anxietyI didn't want to post this until it had been a while of being anxiety-free.I was having panic attacks on a daily basis. Every once and a while, I would go to a doctor, get some pills (Xanax) and I'd be good for a month. My job is really high-speed so weekly counseling was out of the question. I just dealt with it.My anxiety got worse and worse and the attacks lasted numerous hours! It was horrible. Everyday was literally me trying to pretend like I was working, but really I was concentrating on not dying. After a while, I turned to more frequent exercising. I realized that lifting weights didn't do much for me, so I needed something that I really enjoyed to get my mind of these panic attacks.TENNIS! I love it. It's the one sport I can get sweaty and tired and not even realize I'm exercising. I realized the more I played, the less I was having the attacks.ÊThis was the physical aspect of kicking the attacks. I still had to figure out how to mentally defeat them if I couldn't play tennis.I was in the Army. I used to be very tough and didn't even believe in anxiety. I decided to apply those old feelings to kicking the attacks. I felt the beginning stages of an attack coming on one morning, I was at work, no Xanax, and no where to go. I then thought to myself, "Wait, I've had a million panic attacks, but so far, I've lived through 100% of them. I'm undefeated when combating panic attacks. They can't ever defeat me". Then I kind of laughed.ÊSince that moment, I have not had a panic attack. I have felt the beginning stages a few times, but have been easily able to toss it away. Panic attacks make your mind race. They make your muscles tired. You have to build your mental toughness. I love the 'new me' and enjoy the finer things in life.ÊI know how scary these things are. If you ever find yourself having an episode, just know that you are undefeated against your panic attacks. Know that every day above ground, is a good day.Ê-AV