emergency PLZ RESPOND FAST!!! HELPOKAY I AM FREAKING OUT, i don’t know whats going on but out of nowhere i feel extremely fatigued like i will lose conscious any moment like i feel sleepy out of nowhere its been kind of been occurring since this morning but its extreme now like i am scared that it could be anything from a heart problem like a heart attack to, a deadly brain disease, like anaresyum, haemorrhage or a stroke. For last couple of days i have been scared of liver failure i had all the symptoms such as sleepiness, lack of appetite etc maybe thats at the last stage because i do have all the symptoms of hepatic encephalopathy!!!!! please search that up thats me…. I don’t know how longer i will make it,should i phone emergency PLZ HELP!!!! Like i almost wish i was having a panic attack but i have having the opposite i am feeling all downer, and sleepy, and fatigued….. Like according to hepatic encephalopathy i am going into coma.underneath is my yesterdays post hepatic encephalopathy looks like what i have please respond fast.So i need to express again i am sorry i tried to control myself from not writing but it makes me feel light just need to ventSo today has been a day in which has me thinking i might be going brain dead. Its really hard to explain how i feel but i will try my best. I am sort of thoughtless, kind of numb, like i lack almost any concentration like i was watching a movie today following it pretty well but still didn’t know what was going on, like i can’t keep things in my head, i will forget whats going on its hard to follow. Like my reaction time, too everything is so slow, like before i say anything i have to think so much, nothing just comes to me how its normally supposed too.Like i feel i even have to tell my feet and hands sometimes to move it doesn’t happen naturally.The most scary symptoms i have is that of that i feel like my head is in a completely other place seeing stars, like for example when i was cleaning my room today while doing so i felt like i wasn’t as though my body was but my head was somewhere else in darkness, its a messed up feeling and makes me scared  and feel like i am going into coma. Like is anxiety that extreme. I also at times feel odd pressure and pain in my head nothing the lasts, or hurts a lot, but still makes me feel i have a deadly brain problem.. like i am going brain dead, like even while eating today i felt as though i forgot how to use a spoon… PLZ HELP!!!Like i have said this before i think because i masterbate more than once a day more like 2 times or more a day, its messing up my brain and making me go brain dead, or just really messing my brain.