Obsessive fearHello, this is my first post to this siteAbout 5 months ago I had a bad mushroom trip which caused a considerable amount of anxiety for the next few days just because of how terrifying it was. Finally the anxiety started to ease and this is when I made a huge mistake. I was laying there one night curious on the effects drugs can have on your mind as I had smoked weed on a regular basis since I was 14 and had taken 5 different psychedelics in the last year. I remember reading about schizophrenia being brought on by drug use (I know that it's genetic and drugs alone can't give you the illness but I didn't know that then) with further research into schizophrenia and psychosis,I began to have my first real panic attack. My heart started racing, the room started spinning, and my mind was racing. I stayed up most of the night on the Internet scaring myself to death. I woke up the next day and sure enough it was the first thing on my mind. I didn't think about anything else and the whole day was like one prolonged panic attack. I had never experienced anything like it and I know this is when my depersonalization started. The night before I had read somewhere that schizophrenia will happen suddenly. I was convinced these feelings that were so pronounced and odd to me was the onset of a psychotic illness. It was right around Christmas and all my family and friends were around but I told noone. The dread lasted for weeks. The thought seemed to be engraved in my mind. I analyzed everything. Listening to silence waiting to hear voices. Thinking the corner of the eye trick was a shadow I had hallucinated. And as the anxiety got worse my thoughts were jumbled. I could barely concentrate on anything. I started to withdrawal from friends. I became depressed for the first time in my life because of an obsession I had created. No matter what I read about how if you think your going crazy your not and it's just anxiety. It's still stuck there. I quit drinking and smoking and have been clean for the whole 5 months. The depersonalization started to fade and my panic went away. But the fear is stuck. Literally haven't had a day without thinking about it. At this point I still have anxiety (it's even started to make me fear other things) but my main worry is that my anxiety has gone down alot but I still have most of the symptoms that made me fear going insane like having trouble concentrating, feeling disconnected, and of course worrying about losing my mind. Maybe the symptoms are due to stress from worrying constantly.i wonder if I have just anxiety disorder yet it's not constant and I don't panic anymore. Do I have ocd because I can't stop the thoughts? Anyone that can relate or who might have some answers please help me. It's been taking over my life.