What can I do with myself?Hello,Thanks for your kind help.My question is regarding the way I am: always on speed and anxious. I have a kind of not sitting in one place disorder... I can not follow one subject too much time, I get bored, I can not have a relation with another human being, I got angry they are not like me, kind and nice. I move from one subject to another. I can not sit to relax, I can not read a book. Now I set a goal for my life, 2 days after I consider it stupid and myself not ready for this.When I am sleepy or tired I am perfect, I can read, I can think, I can sit in one place.ÊI saw so many doctors, they gave me different kind of pills for... depression, emotional disorder, bipolar disorder... I went to psychologists: they say my mother didn't show affection, she was too critical...But I am 51 now and I want to read a book, to look at the sky and to dream...I am always on speed...ÊI promised myself to not take any pills for my brain no more because they made me worse: my period stopped few years ago, I gained a lot of weight, I had sevrage period after I interrupt the treatment (with doctor prescription). I am not a calm person, I got angry very easy. I live in a big city, many stresfull situations, many problems in my life. I intend to move to a smaller city, maybe this will help me to slow down a little. But I can try something else if you will recommend me. I want to follow a way more than few days.... until I got bored or lose interest. This is the main problem: I lose interest in something today I like... This way I am alone with my dog, can not follow a program daily, I am not disciplined. I have the tendency to do only the things I like to do...But life is not like this. I must lose weight, make money, read tones of books, travel the worl.... But... tomorrow maybe I will not believe these are ok for me...and change....What can I do to help myself? I envy people who read, who can sit and read...I cried once in the subway because I saw a lady reading...ÊThank you very much!