Idk what to doThere are men doing construction in the flat below me and they're in there morning until night smoking weed. It's so strong it comes through my floorboards and makes me have panic attacks. Even my friends have commented on how my clothes stink of it when I go outside. I've just rang the police for the second time and they basically told me there's not much they can do. I'm now stuck in my bedroom all day and it's my birthday. I can't even bring myself to go and make food or a drink because it smells so strong.I'm trying to improve but...it's so very hard. I've relied on alcohol (massive amounts) to relieve my panic in the past until a few days ago the alcohol was making me so sick so I've practically cut my intake down to hardly anything but I'm finding it so hard to deal with the anxiety and also these extremely strange bodily feelings. My muscle tension can become so intense that I feel like I can't even move my legs. I always feel like I'm holding myself together and that if I relax it would feel like I was falling apart. Other times I feel so light that I feel like I am dying, like I can't lift my arms or legs because they're so weak. Even my head goes funny and I knock things over or drop things because I'm so worried, weak and unfocused. I've been sleeping a lot the last few days, to try and recover, to try and go without alcohol, to try and rest my muscles and I've only been up a few hours and I'm feeling terrible enough to try and sleep again but I feel like I'm avoiding life. I seem to get every symptom, have at least one or two constantly until I get these times a couple of times a day where they all come at once and I find it hard to function. Is this normal? Is my body just recovering from the stress I've put it under or am I really sick? Am I just panicking... I have no clue :/Panicked about not panickingI panic about not panicking and it's horrible because in those very few moments of calm I make myself feel like crap again. Take tonight for example; was woke up by partner and panicked and paced a lot and had a wine to calm (I know I have a drinking problem I'm working on it). But now that I've calmed down Im panicked about not panicking! "Why am I not panicking? Is my body giving up? Why is my heart beating slower than usual, is it going to stop? My body is failing, this isn't normal. My breathing is slower than usual, are my lungs failing? I could fall asleep easily right now but is that because I'm dying? What if all my body slows to a halt?" I don't know if is because I've been very anxious and very drunk lately but right now I feel odd. Not even panicked but just weak and like my body is stopping. Gimme a break :( do I need to have a racing heart and sweats and breqthingn problems just to feel like myself now? If my anxiety went would I be lonely without it? :( xI've had a bottle of wine alreadyIve been drinking alcohol to a massive degree to calm my anxiety lately, it's my only medication that works for me. That sounds terrible but it's true :( it gets rid of the anxiety in about 15 minutes but it doesn't take long for the hangover to kick in. I've been drinking to the extreme lately. It's scaring me. Last night I had a panic attack which seems to be happening multiple times a day lately and as a result I drank 3 bottles of wine. I just woke up hungover and very anzxious and polished off a bottle in less than 20 minutes. I've been drinking this much DAILY. For a few weeks. I feel terrible. I can't avoid either the anxiety or he hangover unless I have a drink. It's scaring me. Right now I just want to get wasted there are things I have to do and I can't physically move from anxiety. My legs are cramped and I am tripping and I can't focus. Sometimes I picture my future as me just under some blankets panicking with a bottle of wine in my hand. I'm terribly worried :(