ÊFeeling Anxious over My Newly Bloated," Jelly Belly."I have been working out so hard on my weight loss. I had re-gained 20 Lbs after losing 65 Lbs 7 yrs ago. The 20 was regained w/in the last 3 yrs though. Anyhow, I have been working so hard on toning up areas like my abdominal belly area and my hips and also my thighs.I felt like I was back in Total Control again over my weight problemo; my ribs were even beginning to stick out a tad which to me is an indicator of success in my gym workouts and appetite control measures too....? Then in the last 2 days i just noticed all this excess water or jiggly feeling all in my belly area. I haven't been eating too much and cant figure out why Im so bloated like 1 week after my period. So YES I am paniking over this new gain in water and NOT sure what to do. I am currently taking extra OTC water pills and drinking water with flax in it to move my bowels faster, if thats the problem.....Any suggestions.Afraid of Feeling Tired and the Need to Work Daily.Just makes me want to use an IV Drip of freshly brewed , very strong caffeine coffee directly into my lovely veins. Then I shall make it through ,"The eye of the needle." I shall have a new zest for energy to get through the day w/o feeling hungry and over eating and therefore conquering my fear of gaining weight back after working sooooo hard to drop 65 Lbs in 1.5 yrs , 7 yrs ago from this day. But now lately I have felt so tired in spite of my Green Tea herbs and my morning cup of Jo and my 3 Relacore AM pills every morning. I am @ my witts end. Any advice...I already exercise, but w/ a limited pace for energy conservation. I already watch every calorie except a few small eve snacks. What am i doing wrong? Do I need an rx of speed from my Shrink in addition to all the caffeine, fiber, and water pills, plus daily gym workouts. I am so tired some nights I go to bed and wish I would just sleep all night, and the next day, and perhaps never awaken to another day of feeling fatigued and fat and helpless in that nothing I am doing is helping. I have only lost 7 LBS in the last 1.5 weeks.......???Anxious over WATER RETENTIOnI am beginning to believe that someone is forcing water or food against my will through my nostrils in the mid of the night. I awaken and weigh myself and am 3 LBS heavier and my left nostril hurts and is even bleeding in the middle of the day for 0 REASONS?????Unless I really am being violated against my will and will power and power of will to eat too much or take in extra water that would result in excess water weight retention/weight gain.....THIS CANT be HAPPENING, I vive in La USA...., and NO MEMBER of The US Military EITHER!!!!!