Newbie with serious anxiety issuesHi all,I'm new here and really need some advice.For the past year or so I've been experiencing symptoms of anxiety. I don't know what has triggered it. The worst symptoms of my anxiety is an urgent need for the toilet (number 2). As soon as I have experienced the first sign of anxiety and panic rising in my chest, the toilet issues follow closely after and this makes the anxiety ten times worse as I am panicking about finding a loo in time.ÊWhen I do go it is usually diarrhea (so sorry for tmi) and it doesn't matter if i've just gone, it seems like the stress hormone affects my bowels directly. It seems to be particularly bad when I'm in unfamiliar places or long car journeys and after having some really bad experiences lately, my brain now seems tuned in to these situations as 'dangerous' and the anxiety creeps up on me even more. I have no control over it. It doesn't affect me at home or work as much, just in places when I know getting to a toilet could be tricky.It's getting to the stage where it's interfering in my life and I'm reluctant to go places. I have a holiday coming up in a few months and I'm terrified about how I'm going to cope. I haven't seen a doctor and I'm not wanting to take medication, I'm more interested in trying to learn some techniques or therapy to try and help me manage and control the anxiety. I even thought about getting some incontinence pants in a bid to try and feel more in control and hopefully the anxiety wouldn't affect me as much. But this isn't really an appealing option - I'm not even 30 yet :(ÊDoes anyone else suffer from these sorts of symptoms and how do you manage it?





What's happened to me?Over the past two weeks I have developed a serious anxiety problem. I know 2 weeks might trivial to people who have been suffering with this for years but I'm just shocked and amazed at how quickly this has happened and how badly it's affecting me.I've always been the type to get a nervous tummy when I'm anxious about something in particular like a job interview etc. But recently I've had a few bad experiences in the car where anxiety crept up on me and I desperately needed the toilet. One time I had to get my ex to pull into a service station and literally only just made it. Since then I have this phobia of being in the car or going anywhere where I don't know where the toilet is. Even driving to work or picking my son up from school has led me to have panic attacks - chest pains, choking sensations and the worst of all, desperately needing to move my bowels. The other day I genuinely thought I was going to have an accident while waiting at the school gates. It's totally in my mind because as soon as I get home or become distracted, the urge goes away. But the panic in that moment of needing to go and not being able to is just horrific.ÊI keep pushing myself to go out and have also booked to see a counselor to try and nip this in the bud. But I also feel like I've crossed a line now and it's going to be really hard to get back to my 'normal' way of thinking - i.e. just being able to hop in a car and not worry. My family and OH are supportive but I don't think they quite understand how or why this has happened.ÊI have a holiday next month that I've been so looking forward to but right now I don't know how I'm going to make it. Just the thought of the drive to the airport is enough to start up the anxiety.ÊI'd really appreciate any tips. I've seen my GP who was reluctant to put me on any meds - she advised the counselling option first. I just desperately want to go back to how I was a month or so ago.