Dealing with anxiety: Alcohol vs medicationFirst of all, a short introduction. I'm a 19 year old male living in Australia. Since I was about 13, I've had a low-level of anxiety, mixed with varying degrees of depression. The anxiety isn't bad enough to cause panic attacks, but just enough to make me question which side of the bed to wake up on and which switch turns on the lights, even though I know what they all do.It's incredibly frustrating for so many reasons, because it holds me back from doing what I want to do and enjoying life. About a year ago, I spoke to my GP and asked for some medication. I tried two kinds. The first was far too strong, and caused me to feel like I was having a panic attack for three hours after taking it and made me feel terrible for the entire duration. After a few weeks of trying this, my GP put me on a lower dose.This had a much less stressful effect and actually worked reasonably well, but after two or three weeks, I felt like I was just floating through life. I didn't feel happy or sad, anxious or confident, I just sort of existed. It also made it incredibly difficult to focus on anything, and I had trouble with even the most basic of mathematical problems. I've always been a thinker and a little too smart (which plays a part in the title), so losing that ability was very disconcerting.I'd been drinking since I turned 18 (the legal age here in Aus), but only in social situations. I'd have a drink or five with some friends, the wake up the next morning and go canoeing. I'm very lucky in that, like my mother (who was an alcoholic) I don't get hangovers unless I drink until I pass out, which has never happened. I also have a very fast metabolism, so my body processes the alcohol pretty quickly.A few months ago, I had a few drinks one night at home and realised I could walk from one room to the other and not worry about which foot was through the door first. I decided to experiment a little and found that less than one standard drink was all I needed to completely let go of this anxiety that had been ruling my life for so long.I decided that medication was too expensive, had too many side effects, and even the intended effects were too extreme for me. It took weeks for them to work, the effects were continuous, and I had to take them every day. Alcohol, on the other hand, is (relatively) cheap, can be taken whenever you need it and the effects last a few hours at most, social acceptable to consume in most situations, fun to drink, calms me down, stops me thinking so much about consequences, and makes me more confident.When I drink, I want to go outside and talk to friends, excercise, even mow the lawn or build a fence for my dog. If I don't drink, I'm questioning every single little action, which really pisses me off to no end.The point to this post is that I was wondering if anyone has a similar experience, and what your thoughts are. Does medication work for you, and how do you deal with the side-effects? It seems to me like alcohol is the greatest thing ever, with the only real side effect being that I can't drive anywhere.I have to admit, I'm a little worried about becoming an alcoholic. My mother (as mentioned before) was an alcoholic for many years. She was always drunk, and not a good person to be around. She was never violent to anyone except my father, and that was mostly due to arguments about how much she drank or smoked. More than once, my brother or I had to physically stop her from hitting him.My father, on the other hand, is the man I base my life around. He's my best friend in the world. He's an amazing person and one of the best people I know. He's told me all sorts of stories of his youth, when he would smoke and drink like there was no tomorrow, but he decided one day to not do either and kicked them both cold-turkey. He'll still have a drink or two with me, and sometimes we go camping and bring a carton of beer with us and have a great time. It makes me think that I could handle any potential alcoholism with the same sort of natural resistance to addiction.