fear of developing ocdOk this is gonna sound absolutely retarted but I have to get it off my chest because it's really bothering the ***** out of me. I have been diagnosed with GAD, but here me out. I jusr started tofranil 50 mg and I'm in the first week so my anxiety has increased dramatically I'm in like a constant panic but I have this fear of developing OCD. I read online that OCD is hard to treat, even though my aunt has been successfully treated. with the GAD though it came out of nowhere so it scared the ***** out of me and I always constantly research stiff about anxiety on the Internet and I do obsess about overcoming my anxiety issue but I don't know if constantly seeking reassurance and trying to figure things out on the Internet because of my thoughts is considered a compulsion. My mom says "you've got friggen OCD always checking that phone" like for example when my anxiety is high, and I post on here I'll keep checking to see if someone replied frequently. I know this probbably sounds stupid but it's bothering me. I do just have in my head constant snowballing worries which is GAD and so I know that is the main component now my next worry is if I have OCD because I read it's hard to treat and has a slim recovery rate where as GAD is highly treatable and has a better success rate. so basically my thing is anxiety about anxiety, I'm always overanalyzing my thoughts and I'm stuck in my head because I've been trying to figure everything out with this anxiety for 3 years. I don't do any of the hand washing or counting nonsense and never showed any traits as a kid or anything this is kind of just a new fear of mine becuase my mom said whay she said about me that I'm constantly researching my phone but it's just out of fear really. Now I'm thinking oh ***** what if I start developing compulsions loke washing my hands etc... again this all started wi th a panic attack over 3 years ago and definitely with GAD and my anxiety about my anxiety getting better ... sounds crazy but whay do u guys think?