Worst Case ScenariosHello all. I'm new here. Kind of annoyed right now as I just typed a big huge thing describing my situation, and was somehow logged out and lost it all. Not cool. I am not going to re type all of that, tough, so I will just keep it short(er) this time.Recently, during the pregnancy and birth of my 2nd child, my anxiety that i always had has skyrocketed. I guess its hormones, I don't know, but I now turn every. Single. Thing. Into a huge problem. In my head, everything ends horribly. I have a constant fear of my worst case scenarios coming true.My main fear seems to be of authority figures, and that I will somehow end up going to prison (although I do my best to follow the law), that CPS will take my children (despite that I care for my children my best) or that I will just end up in some kind of trouble with the law in general. More recently my fear has been because my rent was lowered a couple months ago and it didn't occur to me right away that I needed to report it to welfare office (I receive foodstamps), and even though I reported it now after realizing I already should have, I am so scared of being charged with welfare fraud and doing jail time because I didn't report the change soon enough. I was receiving more than I should have been for the past couple months, surely that is grounds for my imprisonment....my mom assures me that most people don't report changes right away, that they only go after hardcore offenders that are purposely abusing the system, and that I am making an issue out of nothing, but the fear remains. I did not sleep last night and called her crying at 1 am. I paced back and forth in the living room, this is it I thought, I'm screwed. I messed up big time, I'm so irresponsible and an idiot. I still think it. I feel like I am waiting for the cops to knock on my door and arrest me any day now. I'll go back and forth thinking, they wouldn't do that, I'm not trying to do any kind of fraud, and then I'll think, oh God, of course they would. It's exhausting.Anyway, that is the kind of anxiety I am talking about. Where I think up scenarios in my head and convince myself that they are reality, that it's just a matter of time. It is making me suicidal. I feel I would rather kill myself than have to live to see one of my nightmare scenarios play out, not to mention living with the constant worry. I have also feared before, for no good reason, that I had breast cancer and would be dead soon. Thanks, brain.So now, I think I am finally going to see a psychiatrist. My GP only gave me Lexapro and that was awful. Took one pill, felt crazy and out of it and didn't sleep for two nights. As much as I hate how addictive benzos are, they sound better and better with each passing day. GP won't prescribe them as he thinks with two children I would not be alert enough on benzos. I disagree because I have in the past taken 4mg Klonopin daily with no drowsiness, but I guess he won't see things my way and will probably just try to give me another anti-depressant that won't help me. So psychiatrist it is. Just hope they would be more helpful and actually listen to me.Anyone else deal with this constant they-are-out-to-get-me type of anxiety? I hate it, I never feel safe. I feel afraid.Yes, this was the short version. Thanks so much if you bothered to read all of that.