Anxiety because of home life.. Mom's delusional and don't feel safe.I don't know if anyone will have any advice for this but I'll give it a shot. My dad died about 3 years (sudden heart attack) and it's been rough. Anyway my mom completely never dealt with it. After he died she was ALWAYS gone for like the first two months and some creep off Facebook that she dated in high school messages her right after he died. Anyway she started dated this guy who by the way is an alcoholic, he's on disability (which I have no problem with besides he milks it because he's an alcoholic who doesn't do anything to help himself) he's just a very strange, weird guy who took advantage of my mom in a vulnerable state. He lived here for a year and a half about but my mom still sees him. They argue all the time but she's completely delusional. She lies now all the time and this guy like gets in her head. She's not my mom that I knew before my dad died. She never faced his death. I was left alone for the first two months which completely messed me up and she can't she how unhealthy this guy is for her. EVERYBODY in my family doesn't like this guy and she acts like everybody else has the problem. I don't trust this guy in the house at all. And she has him stay EVERY weekend and ruins everybody else's weekend. My brother, his girlfriend and their two kids live here two and pay half the house payment and they don't want him around just as much as me and don't like having him around the kids. I already have bad enough panic and anxiety but I get so anxious and paraniod when this guy is here like he's going to do something because he knows everybody doesn't like him here like poison the food, or try something (probably irrational fears) but my point is my mom is completely delusional and won't listen to anybody. She's not happy even though she lies and says how great everything is when they fight all the time. I just don't know what to do. I can't move out because my anxiety is so bad an I haven't been able to work but it's to the point where I'd rather be homeless than deal with her delusional crap.