ÊTurned down a job with more hours now on a downerI was offered 30 hours more than my 16 hour contract with some overtime as it was 7am starts and I am not a morning person. I was offfed a day shift less than 30 hours but spent all week 'unsure' now the opportunity looks to have passed. I did apply for a higher job in the company but never got it. It's retail so it would have been a transfer but I transfered before and regretted it but I did work in this shop before. I covered shifts and it seemed fine but I worried the transfer wouldn't go as planned again and I have been holding off for a second job. I posted on here at xmas about that how I quit an xmas job after one day to stay where I am and I question if I did the right thing to this day.ÊI feel depressed, missed opportunity and sadly I feel too many of them. I have a more cautious way of life these days however find at 26 I can't make choices atall and struggle with everything decisions are not easy..More anxiety problemsStill stay with my parents and my toilet never flushes so it always needs unblocked with a bag however my parents dump these bags anywhere like on bathroom drawers or carpets so I fear every surface is contaminated. For example my clothes which fall out the dryer I want to throw away if they hit the dirty carpet.I marked the label with ink to try and ease my anxiety so I can wear it less but now I fear ink poisoning.My anxiety is going round and round and until I move out which is hopefully soon I will be anxious as I always block tickets but once I move out I have more control over it and will try and not block them or atleast I would make sure the bathroom was cleaner.What can I do to help my worries?ÊWork stress and trying to get a getting a houseMe and my girlfriend have bid for 108 houses now in a year and a half and it's all council or housing association and can't get any offers and we have low incomes and can't afford private around here..worried we may never get housed and with work I've been offered two transfers to different shops but one involved going from back shift to 7am starts even for more hours so I sort of never accepted and I am stressed as my boss keeps offering me different options as I do need more hours to move out ..