ÊI feel paralyzedI'm not even sure where to begin to describe what's been going on in my life, and how I feel. First, let me start by saying I've been diagnosed with GAD and BPD (I've been in therapy for quite some time, right now I have a 3-week break because of the holidays).I graduated from my MSc about 3 months ago. This MSc gave me a hell of anxiety, so right after my graduation I took some time to relax. I wasn't always able to do this successfully, since from time to time I had these intrusive thoughts in my head saying "You have to start looking for a job NOW", "You are taking too much time to rest", "You don't deserve the rest", etc..Thankfully, I did have times when I actually was able to relax, enjoy doing nothing, or enjoying doing several activities. Not too many, but they were still there.So... 2 weeks ago, after 2,5 months of doing nothing, I started getting a little bit bored and I wanted to actually start looking for a job. I made the first steps and made some applications. I had two positive responses - 1 of them asked me for a phone interview, the other one asked me to take a test before proceeding further. I was glad to see that they were interested in me, but at the same time I felt overwhelmed. I felt like I was not prepared. I felt like I knew nothing and I would fail.Christmas was also approaching - my family is away, my friends were away as well, and this started to take its toll on me. I was all alone, with all these racing thoughts in my head, I had no one to talk to and I started getting more depressed, or stressed, or both, I'm not even sure.I cancelled the phone interview with the 1st company, and I still haven't taken the test that the 2nd company asked me to. All these days.. I've been thinking that I know nothing - I feel so detached from my MSc for some reason. I feel like I remember nothing. Like, if they ask me what I've done, what projects I've worked on, I can't actually remember. I will fail and embarrass myself and I should prepare first. I'm not sure if this is a manifestation of GAD, it sounds like it I guess, but I feel that I will fail.I've been wanting to get prepared (revise some of my courses) first, in order to feel more confident, and then start applying for jobs. But then, this plan didn't work quite well, I couldn't find much motivation to study. So I thought maybe start applying for jobs and take it from there. But now that I have actually started applying, and got some replies from companies, I feel paralyzed because I feel that I'm not prepared, since I haven't revised anything.I am caught so deep in this cycle of "I need to revise, in order to familiarize with my study again" - "Yes, but I also need to be practical and make the damn job applications", and right now I feel like I can do nothing at all. If I try to make a plan for revising, I'm thinking "This is a waste of time, you should make the job applications instead". If I try to make the job applications, I'm thinking "Why are you doing this? You haven't revised anything, you're not prepared and you're going to fail".And actually, all I'm doing is nothing at all. I feel like I'm simply driving myself crazy.