Newbie with anxiety (I think) help :(Hi everyone,I'm here because I am pretty sure I am suffering anxiety attacks. I have had them since I was a kid, I would say. I have been to doctors and diagnosed with depression, but to be honest, I think I have something else that causes the depression and anxiety is definitely part of it.ÊI am a teacher, and yesterday I had an axiety attack in my boss's office. I had to go home and couldn't teach my lesson. She had made a comment that inadvertently hurt my feelings badly. She called me timid. It just flipped a switch in me and I immediately started to cry. I think it is related to some pretty bad trauma I had as a child, and I was always bullied for being so timid and shy. It made me feel worthless. In an attempt to figure out what was wrong, she asked me to step into her office and talk about it. That made me feel like I was in trouble or in the spotlight, and I felt incredibley helpless and embarrassed. That was when the anxiety attack started. I was hyperventilating and crying, sweating, deep red, and I felt like I was going to pass out. I asked to just go home. It was horrible. My boss and another supervisor were clearly concerned and didn't seem to know what to do. They then had to find someone to cover my class last minute.Today I cancelled my class and all my appointments. I have to work tomorrow too, but I am not sure yet if I can go back. I am afraid of having another anxiety attack. I feel guilty that I didn't go to work, but I just don't feel like I can do it today, and I am not sure about tomorrow. I plan to go to the doctor in the morning, because this cannot go on forever.Does anyone know what to do in this situation? I am afraid. I feel so isolated and helpless. I feel like nothing will really help, and I don't want to put my job at risk. At the same time though, I feel like I cannot face the world yet. I haven't even showered or done anything today. I just took one short walk outside around the block to try to improve my mood. My boyfriend is gone all day today too, so I am alone.ÊDoes anyone know what to do? Does it get better?