Anxiety symptoms all the time, even when excited/happyHey there, I just signed up here, but I've been to other forums a few years back and have been dealing with anxiety my entire life. Maybe important info: I'm female, 18 years old, diagnosed with general anxiety, and am not using medication.ÊI have the worst time with finding the source of said anxiety, because I'm usually a very calm person and not worried about many things, though I'll still have the symptoms of anxiety.... However, even when I'm excited and looking forward to something, I get that anxiety feeling in my chest and stomach that I'd get if I was worried about something. I don't know if it's all about anticipation or what. For example, I had a tattoo appointment set up last week and I had to cancel it since I couldn't get myself to eat anything that whole day(or much the previous week at all, as I was anxious about the tattoo appointment), even though I was/still am excited about and wanting the tattoo, and it was just going to be on my leg and take a couple hours to do. I already HAVE a tattoo that I just got finished not long ago after three separate sessions. This one is on/under my collarbone and was definitely pretty uncomfortable to get at times. So the one on my leg will be nothing to get, but I still managed to wig myself out of getting it. I'm going to reschedule it, but I've wanted to get my appetite back up, since I need to eat a good meal before going to get tattooed so I don't deal with the shock effects I did after I got my last one finished(I got that session done on a nearly empty stomach).ÊI don't know if the semi bad experience of the last session I had is what freaked me out about getting another or what, but I'm also hella stubborn and am determined to not let anxiety beat me. There are random other things throughout the day I get exicted about, and then anxious feelings about because of my excitement. When I get anxious, I don't want to eat either.ÊMy anxiety is also worse in the summer and spring than it is in winter and fall. I don't know WHY.ÊI'm not looking for medical advice, just some better coping mechanisms/general advice for what to do when I get really anxious over things that I'm excited about and want. Right now I've just started using Bach's Flower Rescue Remedy for Stress Relief, and other than that, I use Lavender Essential oil on my pulse points(neck and wrists), listen to music/sing and deep breathing, and some of those usually work, but not all the time.I also do drink coffee, and I'm sure that doesn't help with anxiety, but it helps me with my (undiagnosed) ADHD symptoms. It calms me down, helps me focus and not be all over the place all the time haha. I also just drink it black, so no sugar or cream. I have a very low sugar diet simply because I don't like sweet foods very much....