Need Support To Deal With AnxietyHi Everyone,First of all I would like to say that English is not my first language so language usage might not be perfect  and this is my first time ever writing on a forum... and it makes me so extremely anxious to even write this knowing that other people might read it I have been feeling anxious and stressed everyday for about the last 2 years and for the last 3 - 4 months I believe I'm having panic attacks and it is the worst feeling in the world. So what would happen is I would start to feel more and more anxious and it would build up and my heart would start to race, that is when I realise that I might be having a panic attack and then all these other weird physical symptoms happen... trembling, shaking, my hand and feet get extremely cold, my heart keeps on racing, I feel like I'm going crazy, I have difficulty breathing because it feels like my throat closes up and I can't get any air through and I would sometimes feel nauseous. Occasionally I have chest pain during these attacks and sometimes even stomach pain. Sometimes I would even cry uncontrollably because I feel so anxious and terrible during these attacks.I went to my GP and had blood drawn so he did a full blood count, thyroid function etc. and he couldn't find anything else wrong with me so he gave me at first a prescription for Azor 0,5mg (which I believe is called Xanax in most countries but not in mine) to take at night and see if I would feel any better throughout the day. This didn't work well to make me feel less anxious even though it did help me sleep better most nights. So I went back on Monday and he then gave me Urbanol 5mg (I'm not sure what its called in other countries but it is used as a drug for anxiety in my country) and I have to take these twice a day and still take my Azor at night. My GP then told me he doesn't want to put me on medication permanently so I will be on the above till the end of December and eventually would have to get therapy. I think the Urbanol does make me feel a bit more relaxed and I haven't had a panic attack since Monday even though I still feel anxious throughout the day (not as much as usual but its still a terrible feeling.)I have been getting these attacks in restaurants, supermarkets, in cars (especially on highways where its difficult for me to get out of the car and even when there is too much cars around me), at home even just doing nothing and also when I'm forced to speak to people or be around them it just makes me feel so anxious and uncomfortable. I don't go out and do things with people because it makes me feel anxious. I also feel extremely judged by people whenever I'm in public it feels like everyone is looking at me and judging me. If I ever do go out to restaurants or places I would have to sit at a specific place or specific corner, I can't sit somewhere in the middle at a table between other people as this also makes me feel very exposed and anxious. I have also had a panic attack when I thought I lost my phone at an restaurant and I think the waiter noticed something was wrong as she came twice and kept asking me whether I was fine (which I told her yes even though I felt terrible). I just keep getting these attacks randomly without any reason most of the time but I do get them sometimes with reason. I also got an attack when my boyfriend's brother and his girlfriend walked into the house and I have known them for four years now so it was quite strange?? The problem is whenever I go back to my doctor I just feel so judged and he seems really sceptical especially when I have to tell him that the medication he is giving me is not working quite as well and this makes me feel so much worse and even more anxious. This even makes me doubt if I even really do have anxiety or not??? I just feel like nobody takes it seriously, I would tell the people close to me even family members and it seems like they all think I'm crazy or just pretending to have anxiety... and this makes me feel so bad. I just want to feel normal and be able to do normal things but it feels like it would never get any better because nobody seems to be helpful.  So I guess I just need some support with this as I feel very hopeless and not supported. If any of you have some advice or maybe have been through a similar experience I would really appreciate your support. 