Freaking out about diagnosis/pastHi all! I would post in the introduction forum (when i find it) first, but I just created this account because it feels so urgent that I get this down.I also wasn't sure of where to post because this also mentions some other things, but really I have been diagnosed with AD so I figured this would be a good start.I was diagnosed about 4 weeks ago after a short visit to the doctor. Previously, when I was 8, I had been diagnosed with ADHD and Anxiety with some tendencies toward Depression - so I've been dealing with this for quite a while. But it just seems that everything has been getting worse the last few years. Loads of family problem and financial problems, so much instability. My concern is that there is so much going on within me that I can't really bring to tell my mom or therapist or doctor. If it even really matters? I can't diagnose myself but I'm pretty sure I've been dealing with depersonalization for quite a few years as well. The past year has been the absolute worst. I feel I can't take anything anymore. Not like I'll harm myself but that I feel like I'll just snap and go insane any second. It's like I have so many thoughts, not just words but situations and feelings also, and they all try to run through my head at once and it feels like it would be the equivalent of someone screaming in my face. Sometimes I have very good days where I feel absolutely great! Like everything is wonderful and life will be fine, I'm going to be super successful in the future and all I have to do is be myself, everything will be golden. But once I sit down at home that "idea" just crashes and I feel so down I don't even want to move. (I do move because I have to for my mom). But that's the other thing. I worry that what I feel isn't real because I need to pretend I don't feel it so often. My mom is MAJORLY depressed and has been for as long as I can remember, she's currently not getting help. My dad has had anxiety and depression most of his life, but was diagnosed with Bipolar a few years ago. The big thing is I feel just so wacked with my emotions. How drastically they can change. Then I sometimes start to feel unreal and last night I even has a panic attack because I went to lie down for the night after turning my light off. I decided I wanted my lamp on instead, so I got up and turned it on, and suddenly the room looked different - like the walls had moved or something.I can't tell if this is all the depression/anxiety, or if the new medication is making my anxiety worse...and then there's the nagging feeling the back of my head that fears I'm actually Bipolar like my dad - or will be in the future.I'm going to be talking to my doctor soon, I just don't know how much of these little things (like the room thing or the mood swings) are because of the anxiety and wouldn't be worth mentioning, or are things I should probably the doctor about in the next visit?  Thanks so much for reading through.