Red sky in the morning...So lately, I have actually been doing really well with my terrible anxiety, my medication (Citalopram, 40 mg) seems to be working (unless I forget to take it - ugh) but now I feel like tomorrow won't be as easy as things have been. Yesterday I received a call that my Grandmothers' husband (on my father's side) of 40+ years passed away, which was extremely shocking as he was not in poor health and extremely concerning as my Grandma is, she's suffering from Stage D heart failure. This is an extremely time for my fathers' family because my Grandfather (my dads' biological father) died two years ago next month and right now my aunt is going through some extremely serious and sudden health issues due to epilepsy. Plus, my father also has epilepsy and has not been doing well.Today I took my daughter (18 months) with me to see my Grandmother and on the way we stopped to pick my dad up and give him the news. About an hour after we got to my Grandmas' house my aunt and dad left to go replace the locks on one of her rental properties as she has had trouble with the tenants and my dad didn't want her going alone due to her current health issues. So they left while we visited with my Grandma for a while, which was fine, except that I don't drive and had no way to leave when my little one started getting grumpy (it was getting close to bed time and we had left right after her nap) so I was a bit uneasy about that. I thought "whatever, I took my meds today, I'll just tough it out and they won't be that long, it will be fine." etc. Then after over an hour of them being gone I knew something was off, I was starting to feel really stressed as my daughter was getting very grumpy and my Grandma's dogs were driving us nuts and there was no one to help as there normally would be.**Graphic content**When my aunt finally returned I knew something was wrong and realized my dad didn't come in behind her. Her tenant showed up and attacked her (thinking she was alone) then smashed her cell phone before my dad came around the side of the building to see what was going on. The tenant then picked up a metal pipe and started beating my dad with it. My aunt finally got him to stop and a neighbor called the police, 20 officers showed up and had to subdue the tenant, my dad left in an ambulance, now he is in the hospital and my aunt must go back for evaluation. I finally got my daughter to bed, 3 hours passed her bedtime. I am just shocked and feel indescribably stressed. Looking for some support more than anything. I am proud that I didn't have an instant breakdown!