Dealing with PeopleSo I was just wondering if anyone out there has any advice on dealing with people who are "just trying to help" or say that they "understand". I know that in general people have good intentions and I appreciate that, but that doesn't make it easy to deal with when someone tells me a story about how they were anxious one time because of a test that was important. Or for that matter when they invade my space when I'm having an anxiety attack.I try to be very open about my anxiety because I feel like I am doing no one any favors by being secretive about it. I mean I don't run down the street screaming out all the things that make me nervous, but I try to be upfront if I can't do something because of my anxiety (i.e. I can't go to a major city because I'll be fighting off a panic attack the whole time I'm there). In some ways I think that this makes things even harder because I think I might over share a bit, and I can tell I'm bothering, annoying, or boring people from time to time.ÊI'm also very straightforward about how I need people to deal with my anxiety, sometimes to the point of feeding them lines. Like I'll tell my mom that I just need her to tell me that even if the worst outcome in a situation should happen that she'll still love me. And then she'll tell me that the bad thing is not going to happen and I need to stop thinking about it. If it was that easy I wouldn't be panicking. It just seems that no matter how many times I explain my anxiety to people the response I get is frequently something along the lines of "Just don't let those thoughts enter your head" or "You need to let that go" and this is from people who claim that they understand what I'm going through.I understand that unless you actually deal with anxiety its very nearly impossible to understand, so I don't hold the fact that they don't against them, but it's incredibly frustrating to hear "I understand" followed immediately by a sentence that contradicts that statement.ÊSo yeah, I guess any advice on how people personally deal with this sort of thing would be incredibly helpful!