what should i do??  12    i'm a 21 year old woman my life is really a mess right now..i have autism and epiepsy and some other health problems im a normal weight but very unhealthy and fit..  i have no friends apart from one girl who doesnt live near me anymore she lives like 6 hours away so i never get to see her anymore.. i have no job no money... never had a job as of my terrible insomnia i honestly go nights without sleeping tried lots of different pills and drugs and they messed up my brain and made me worse like i went weeks and weeks with no sleep i thought i was going to die.. my brain still isn't back to normal after the drugs its all tight and werid... i am lonely.. i know im a total loser  i have tried dating websites but its hard as anyone who was interested in me i wasn't interested in and anyone i liked didnt like me... i do have a boyfriend now who i love but its hard its alot older than me over 20years and everyone thinks im just settling and have no standards or would take anyway which isnt true i just connected with him but don't know what to do as my whole family has judged me because of it... i also have stuff wrong down there and unable to orgasm so that gets so down to as i don't know why i cant and feel broken... i have tried lots nothing works dont think i ever will... i know some people are worse of but being surrounded by who have so much more and people who care about them and love them and have friends... i get nervous around people to i hide it very well but still people seem to dislike me and i have no idea why im always polite and kind and genourous to people and try my best to be as nice as possible unless a reason not to me ... i also have problem with my eye sight.... and i went through a stage of living in a dump and hoarding on to junk because i just feel so lonely i put it in a place of people and hated when i had to chuck it all out as felt emotionally attached to it thats how wrecked i am.. i am actually qutie pretty which to me makes me feel worse rather than better because even that doesn't help me in anyway  i just feel worthless is anyone else having some of the problems i am having i know they're all abit random but all this stuff is getting me down.. 