Why Now Optical MigrainesHi Guys, new to the forum and just cant believe where Im finding myself right now :( Having lived with Anxiety for almost 10 years, I took the decision to put myself through counselling (privately). Eventually I came out the other side two years ago, virtually anxiety free and feeling proud of myself. For the first time in a very long time I felt able to function 100%, I felt able to work! once again I was enjoying social situations, I was free! Thats until mid February, when I was busy working at my desk and had a visual disturbance, I literally couldnt see my screen, just as if Id been dazzled by the sun. It passed, I wasnt overly stressed about it, I put it down to the sunshine coming through the window and bouncing off my screen. Two days later it happened again - in the dark!, no explanation for this one and then again the following day!I saw an out of hours GP who diagnosed Optical Migraine, I saw my own GP who agreed and said they would stop as soon as the trigger revealed/settled. I had a thorough check up with the optician (incuding computer imaging and field vision) revealed no problems with my eyes. Optician has a couple of ideas of what it might be - sun burning an image on my eye which took a while to go etc. I went two weeks without an attack, starting to feel confident and then bang it hit me again! Back to the GP, who wants to run some blood test, particularly thyroid and B12/Folate (Anemia). Both can cause the problem and Anemia seems logical given my poor diet, in fact I had suspected this back in January by how tired I was. In the meantime, Ive spent the last few weeks constantly worrying, waiting for it to happen again, scared to drive, scared to be alone. I just cant shift it from my thoughts. Yesterday, I had to go to have the bloods taken, I struggled to keep the panic under control. and this morning my panic topped out, I dont remember ever experiencing panic that high in the past, although its been a while so maybe I did.Im petrefied something I eat or do will trigger an attack, Im scared of going out in bright sun, what I eat, Im scared of wearing my sunglasses, using the pc etc all of which could potentially be a trigger, ironically sunglasses and the computer were what used to get me through high anxiety, so at the same time Ive lost my security blanket. My head is just in a spin, I feel like Im on this horrible fairground ride and Im waiting for it to stop! So sorry for the long post, its the first time Ive got my feelings down in writing for a very long time. Thanks for listening Feeling much more positive!For the first time in the 6 weeks anxiety has been back, I actually feel like Im moving forward again! Ive done a full week on the Vit D Supplements, Changed my morning routine and now had 2 sessions back with the counsellor. Im not sure it its one of these or a combination but today I feel like the fog is lifting Also spent some time with the counsellor this week identifying why 'trapped panic' is such an issue for me. It relates to a fairly awful experiece almost 20 years ago that I thought was long forgotten, not from the subconcious it would seem! Talking that out was not the most comfortable thing in the world, but having an understanding of why I need to 'run' when I experience panic has been quite grounding to some extent. Physically the Vit D has made quite a difference and the change in morning routine has helped me to stop associating habitial thinking with certain actions. All in all feeling much better!! Hows everyone else doing?