Do I have an Anxiety disorder? or depression?I going to explain my symptoms and hopefully someone can give me some idea's,  For the last 4 months I have been having trouble sleeping, when I say trouble I mean I can go for months without getting to sleep, I feel like I want to cry with frustration, I feel like I am disconnected 24/7.  Even when I relax, its does nothing.  Its a real problem with sleeping full stop, Even when I get into a sleep I wake up..so I can go a full night without sleep and also cant get to sleep at all. I have tried everything.Everything seems flat, dull, offish in colour.I feel constantly stuck in my head, I also experience times when I cant recognise my self in the mirror and I cant seem to connect to my past, it does not fee like me..you could say I feel sometimes I am going mad, but I kinda used to feeling disconnected.I dont ever feel like socialising at all, I dont have that zing, buzz to do so..I feel numb to it..I feel like crying around people rather than lauging with happiness.I have for the last 2 months been doing mindfulness meditation. I feel pain in me, But I am unable to locate this pain, It just feels like pain.  I have also for the last 6 years since my mum died been trying to get work, But I have been unable to get work, Now this has been the biggest stress, as you know no work, no life. So this has taken its toll on me.  And now I have these symptoms from stressing about not being able to get work, I feel like I have fallen into some depression, anxiety now I cant work, cos I cant sleep ever. I cant go to work if I cant even sleep.  the stress of not getting a job, and constant struggle has pulled me back into ***** state of mind,  Now if I was to get a job I could not do it anyway, because of the stress of trying to get a job for 6 years has actually caused me anxiety, depression, etc, now I have ended up with symptoms.  I have tried not to get stressed or worked up about not working for the last six years, but unfortunatly our system is based on money, ad you cant live with out it, so I am feeling the effects of not working, but also dug a hole for my self, no win situation.