What do you do when you have exhausted all options and feel you have nothing left?I have been suffering with this anxiety disorder for about 3 and a half years now, in that time it has taken me from a physically strong healthy, confident, laid back 22/23 year old to the shell of a man that I am today at 26.I rarely if ever post here about myself anymore as it seems pointless as I really don't feel anyone can give me any answers or new ideas anymore and before it would also be for reassurance but I don't even bother with that anymore either as it doesn't help or achieve anything and theres nothing I can be reassured about. Plus 3 years or reading seems to have convinced me I know pretty much everything about anxiety and depression but I still cant manage to get myself out of it. But I thought I might as well make this post as I haven't really got anywhere else to turn.I find it hard to even explain my situation now as my brain is so fried from all of this that it doesn't work very well any more. But this all started with health anxiety, mainly to do with my heart and then to do with my head. It has moved on greatly from that now, while I still do have a lingering concern about my health its not the thing that keeps me anxious all the time, it just is an extra thing there in the background. I guess my other issues are general anxiety and depression if you can call it that but basically my every day is spent exhausted, with no motivation, no goals, no energy to do anything. I have a constant odd pressure feeling in my head along with random pains in the head, also just a general feeling that my brain doesn't work very well anymore. My short term memory is non existent. I just generally feel unwell and odd 90 percent of the time. I analyse everything about how I think, how I think about thinking, how im thinking about thinking im thinking....its mad. I analyse every body movement and word I say, the more I do this the more weird it gets and I end up getting confused about even simple things. I analyse everything but at the same time im constantly in a trance daydream and have no concept of time, I guess this is my brain trying to protect itself. This is probably down to anxiety yes. Those are just some of the symptoms.Why I have anxiety? I would guess because of some traumas earlier in life, nothing huge but a number of events that have caused me some phycological damage. Also binging on drugs and drink with mates every weekend for a good few years didn't help. Also I have trouble showing any emotion and always have done, its just not normal to me and I block it out. The only emotions I really feel or show are anger and anxiety. I guess im also scared to start a new life, go out in the big world again and start a new life which also keeps me trapped. I have become insecure about everything about myself in terms of intelligence, looks, personalty etc etc, even though most people would say I have no reason to feel like that.This isn't just me laying down feeling sorry for myself and not trying anything though.....I went back to work after a year and a half out with this breakdown/anxiety, started a new job, stayed there for a year until the contract ended. Did it help? Not really. It got me used to being out in the world again but thats about it. I still had every symptom and every other aspect of anxiety I have aways had. I still felt like utter death every day so do I want to push myself to do that again just for the sake of it, not really.I have had CBT, seen 3 counsellors, currently in psychotherapy. Various anti depressants. Every natural supplement in the book. I have tried acupuncture, tried fasting . Meditation, Yoga. I still force myself to the gym a few times a week. Some of these things help slightly to get you through each week but nothing has changed anything, nothing has got to the route issue and improved my situation. I know I need to go out there and change my life myself, I just dont know how and don't feel I have the strength to do it anymore.So yea im making this post as im home alone, "I live with my mum" I feel so drained, weak, like I have nothing much left. Even just from looking at my face it is gaunt, the last 3 years looks like 20 on me. I hate myself in every way and I don't know what to do anymore. I am lost, where do I go from here?Thank you for reading this long post if you got this far.






Books to read to help you feel "normal" again?Just wondering if anyone has any ideas on good books to help people feel somewhat normal during hard times. Feel free to share any recommendation here.Im not so much talking about anxiety books or self help books but books that somehow help to bring the mind to a calmer more normal state or perhaps help to take people out of a really detached derealized head. Any sort of reading material that helps brings people back down to earth and into a more calm and real sense of reality would be great.It could be a story that takes your mind off your current worries or it could be some sort of brain/mind educational book that helps to put your brain and thoughts back into some order.Im not much of a reader so cant think of any myself so hopeing some others have some books they can suggest.Are there any books you turn to that help you feel better when in a really anxious or depressed way?Any ideas would be appreciated.