 Should I Throw Myself Into Getting Healthier?  Disenchanted, 4  I'm slowly (very slowly  ) recovering from this bout of depression and am just not really into the things I enjoy when not depressed: playing guitar/piano, listening to music, reading, music, movies etc. I'm 35 now and even though it's not as prominent any more, have suffered with some pretty bad health anxiety over the last 2 years.I still worry I'll drop dead from a heart attack or get cancer, especially as I'm not getting any younger and my lifestyle isn't particularly healthy. I look at my Dad, he's 65 and has had very little in the way of health problems since he was in his late 30's/early 40's (or ever, come to think of it). He cleaned his diet up drastically back then. I'm not sure I've ever seen him eat a pizza or a burger in my entire life.I'm a little bit overweight (I'd say maybe 15lbs or so for my age and height) and get little to no exercise. My diet is mixed: I eat muesli for breakfast, drink lots of water but love fast food and pizzas/Indian food etc. I'm not exaggerating when I say I have nevereaten a salad of any kind in my entire life  I don't even have lettuce or tomatoes on a burger.I'm not getting any enjoyment out of anything at the moment so I was considering going on a total health kick. I'm sitting inches away from an exercise bike we have, I could completely cut out alcohol (which would also help my anxiety), cut out all the fast food, start eating salads and just generally totally overhaul my diet. I've lost weight and got in better shape before, but usually with meal replacement shakes and such for quick results; I'd like to do it the correct way this time.Part of this is also because I worry I'm not as attractive to my wife any more. She says I'm being ridiculous (and I probably am), but then again, she also finds guys on TV attractive who are ripped and don't have an ounce of fat on them So yeah, I was thinking of just throwing myself into this. It's admittedly very much a distraction technique and something to build my ego/self-esteem, but I'm not sure I can see a downside of it. Should I give it a go? I also plan on doing other things to help with my depression - re-visiting my GP to talk meds and practicing all the cognitive/mindfulness techniques I've learned in the past.