Single Parent struggling to cope...I'm really struggling to keep on top of my depression lately. I'm fighting it so hard but circumstances keep overwhelming me. I'm very prone to situational depression since my 20s but I've managed to stay on top of things and nip things in the bud. I still get bouts of it but never as bad as it was in my 20s. I pride myself in that I keep on top of things. However, my life is feeling more and more isolated and stressful lately and I can't seem to find a balance to keep that depression dog in check. I can feel it..Ê making my throat sore, making me cry all the time, be bad tempered and angry at life. How do I get control of this thing?I'm a single parent to three children and one of them is special needs - this child is having massive problems at school and is autistic so sometimes violent and sent home. My children are all still pretty young (all under 10) and my ex husband committed suicide 2 years ago (something I'm still dealing with and I still have some post-traumatic stress over).ÊI only work part time. I love my job as it is something I enjoy and gives me some social interaction but other than my job I can't go out because my my special needs child who cannot cope. My mother helps as much as she can but I'm pretty isolated and I know this is one of the problems. I have no partner and my friends all work full time so I'm on my own a lot which is really bad of depression I know. I try to keep myself really busy and focus on positive things but I think the stress of my situation is getting me down. I get on top of things then it's like a balancing act because something will go wrong with my special needs child and I have all these appointments to take them to - it's so overwhelming and it's all down to me.ÊMy friends are supportive and I've told them I've been blue lately and they were concerned and said to ring them when I felt like that but I can't/don't want to bring them down and moan plus they're so busy all the time with their own lifes and work.. what to do?