Finding MyselfI have looked at some of the forums for the past two days or so, and in having a conversation today with my mom, I dunno, something clicked, or looked different then it had before. I know that I've caused my own issues before, but how I got into this original situation wasn't my fault.The continuation of the situation was.ÊI now know that, but it still felt like I wasn't understood.I've constantly been looking, for a way I could make my mom understand.I think I get it now though. I won't be able to do that.And to do that is jut going to further my own depression. But just not doing it isn't going to "fix" things, I may have a what I call "one chance swing" which was what I talked about a bit with my mom, and she was in the honest mood that she agreed with me. She just doesn't feel like putting up the energy for second chances anymore. If any issue happens, that day is pretty much gone, no matter how trivial the original problem was, due to the fact it was a "revisit to the way things used to be back at the old house".(which was before she and my dad separated, wh oh was pretty terrible) Even if that wouldn't be considered "fair", heck, other people don't have fair lives I suppose. I'll just have to deal with that part, and hope like heck that I can aim my swing for that day.So my original thing I came on to this forum saying, was more of me needing to vent, rather than needing a solution from somewhere, as that solution can only come from me. (Which in some ways feels unfortunate, but hey, that's all there's to it)(Also, this is not saying that my mom was completely right, she has her issues too, which no one can tell her of course, it's more of the fact I understand more about my situation now, and therefore I can cope with it better, I hope)So why do I still feel depressed?It's not the fact that it's going to be a lot of stress and work for me, I know that, and with understanding that, I'm the type to just get resigned to it, (I didn't used to be, this philosophical attitude came with the depression, interestingly) and not moan, or that's what I tell myself anyways, because typically if I do complain, the situation shuts down, and the rest of the day goes down the tubes.So maybe I'm feeling depressed that I only have a few years until I'm an adult, and at that point, really kinda need to be self-sufficient? (Including learning all that missed school)Thought about that one for a bit, but no, I'm not a stupid person, and even if I have to work my butt off, (which I hate, but it's not the type of thing to get me depressed, unless it was a thing that was guaranteed long-term) I will go higher up, get a better education, and still be able to "live". It may not be the best life for the first 10-20 years, but it's better than others, and I am currently clear-headed enough right now to understand that.So why am I so darn depressed??Well, finally, after being, really, really, completely honest with myself, something that's difficult to do sometimes, I figured it out.I'm feeling lonely/suppressed.Yep, I have a nice Youtube account, (don't upload videos currently) with friends that I talk to, that respond, and I socialize with, I have 3 other siblings, not including the eldest who visits occasionally, and..., that's about it. Even if I was to go to public school (which would involve being vaccinated, which isn't the greatest, and one of the main reasons why I'm not in public school right now) now, it's not that I'm looking for "new friends", or a school friend to talk to, I pretty much have those. (The second one being iffy, as that's only internet, but that's sorta besides the point)So what type of lonely? It's not like I'm looking for physical friends, I will get to have those over time as I said. So what is it?Now, I have a teensy bit of a confession to make. It's something I've been told, and I'm sure the "other part" would come with later age, but it's something that once I dug the hole, I've been in it ever since, for fear of being eternally embarrassed. If you know what I'm implying already, then either your an expert at reading people, or you've been in a similar situation.I've told everyone, (and it's not like it's "totally true" it's just truer than I've led myself to believe, and constantly told other people) that I'm not like other typical guys, and I don't have a interest in girls.Yeah. It's partly true, as in I'm definitely not interested in any sort of relationship, (and my experiences with my parents will probably hold me to that for a long time) but you see, all my friends are male pretty much, with the odd female minecrafter I talk to, but it's because I got introduced via another minecrafter, except Rosa, but she and I barely talk anymore, due to the fact we met and socialized originally on minecraft servers. Her being in NZ doesn't help those matters. So me not having a laptop due to a particular nasty incident where I got my mom upset to the degree that she broke the top part of the laptop, yea, that friendship went away pretty much.But I do know, as with all guys, unless I somehow get a bromance like my elder brother has with a friend (no, that's NOT a gay relationship, look it up if you're confused) I don't have anyone to confess or confide in, to share stuff that I feel embarrassed about. And interestingly, (and this part is why I explained about the lie to myself) but as anyone would know I guess, there's some things I can share with other guys, but some things, no matter how close you are with them, you just don't share, due to the way society is. It's a bit different with a close friend who is female. No idea how I came around to admitting that, but I suppose it's true, and I might as well stop disillusioning myself, as it does not help me.So yeah, not any "romance" thing, definitely not any "sexual" thing, just it's different in the stuff, and way you can confide, with a guy your close to, verses with a girl your close to. Not even in any way that is listed above, kinda I think how things would've gone if Rosa wasn't on the opposite side of the world, as we had a lot of similarities, but due to NZ being different in certain ways, and the fact that without being around on a physical basis, we could only really relate video game-wise.And I'm not looking for it online. No, that's just what leads to stuff like what happened with Rosa, but I dunno, to sum up the entire thought process, (which took me over an hour to type on my mobile) here's the synopsis:The original reason I came here I came to realize wasn't my real reason. I needed to vent somewhere (which I'm sorry to anyone I bothered with) but that wasn't what I "needed help" for, truly. I am feeling lonely, and suppressed, unable to share things that I normally would with my parents, due to the situation we're in, and I don't feel comfortable sharing them, as I've been judged on what my thoughts are, previously, and those thoughts not being even my most private ones I wish to share, and have been told they're "messed up" several times, and to not be accepted for who I am, I understand some things I need to change, but there's other things that are just me, that get looked at askance, from the people that are supposed to accept you the most. So, what I end up with, due to the "accepted" things with guys, (like even I'll listen to one of my friends thoughts, but even I'M not totally comfortable with hearing his deepest thoughts) it's different with a girl your "close to", or that's what I've been told and heard from people, (which is similar vice versa, pending on the girl's friends, not always, but definitely sometimes) so yea, to try and sum it up AGAIN: (sorry)-Not comfortable with sharing what I need to share sometimes, with any family.-Dug myself a hole where I say I'm not "into" girls, so if I was to get any close friends who are girls, that would be no end to teasing and embarrassment.-Lonely and Depressed due to above two-Being that way causes me to be more introverted, in a way I'm more suppressed, and feel sometimes alone.-The solution? I have no idea, and THAT'S why I came here, I just didn't want to admit it, really, at first, due to it's opening a side to me I've kept to myself for a long time, without me knowing it myself it was so bad.I don't know if anyone will have a solution, honestly, I'm fine if there isn't, as it's a deep problem, starting with what household I('m) grew/growing up in.But if there is someone, this info is doing no good just sitting with me, as unless I find a way to self-fix it, it's never gonna go away.So, that's why I came here.If anyone can help, thanks, but otherwise, now that I've told my story, I'll be on here every so often, to see if there's someone else out there I can help. You never know.Cya, thanks for reading through this, I don't know really what else to say, I've never opened up like this anywhere or with anyone before, and hmm, I dunno.ÒMy shadow's the only one that walks beside me,my shallow hearts the only thing that's beating,sometimes I wish someone out there will find me,'till then I walk alone.ÓEgo me accipere, ut dum ego mihi semper, et videt bonum vitae.Ê-Voidshadow