I gave up :(I am tired of fighting for better…Hallo everyone. I did this more then once in my past and I am know that writing here won’t fix my problems but I just need to talk to someone and feel a pity about myself a bit. Only this time I think it is over. I simply gave up. No hope, anymore. 8 years of this nightmare. I am done. I have tried a lot of things. Psychotherapy, meds, hypnosis, EMDR. I have tried think positive I just can’t ;/ How the hell you can cure an illness with is caused by wrong chemical function in your brain? Sometimes I think I have experienced all mental illness in my life :/ Depression, OCD+PTSD(religion fear about hell, guilt), low confidence and huge numbers of complex for example of being late virgin… I never had a girlfriend and I am sorry but I am absolutely sure I will never get one. In my way of living there is no chance for her. I am not finding myself ugly but character… well. My interests are absolutely boring. I read a lot, I watch a lot of movies/shows(write reviews sometimes), philosophy, psychology, year ago I met Richard Dawkins personally. I don’t do parties/club, drink, smoke or drugs… Almost all people I know want to have entertainment like that… drinking, smoking all the time. How to be social if all people I know for whole life do this. You can’t even talk about interesting subject only about drugs, drinks… I feel sick when I am in club or bar. I am sitting at home and read. It is not like I haven’t try… but it is just to much for me. Tried online dating if you are interested in. But awareness of the fact that I am different the other kills me. I think this is my biggest issue now. I can’t accept fact that I was and I will be single all my life. I have try to improve my skills with woman(pua), better close, quit masturbation, quit porn, even I bought pheromones… But still if you want to meet someone you need to go somewhere. I tried to go out but where? I almost everywhere I fill bad and uncomfortable. The fear of rejection is so big I can’t tell. I don’t think I am ugly but even If I meet some new people(new members at work for example) they find me boring in time… And I work a lot, limited time for everything. I just to have hope, dreams that it come truth, I will heal depression and start happy life… it is not going to happen. Most of man I know have girlfriends others have one night stands and the only way to have sex is prostitute… I just to have rules for example I will never go to get one, but since it is the only way, I am not so sure now.Sorry I just had to 