Depression or....?This is my first post guys! I have never been apart of a forum or anything, and I am quite the explainer when it comes to telling things, so bear(bare?) with me here!(: Basically, lately I have been feeling pretty depressed. I remember in high school (now 22yo) Feelong this way but I don't think I understood what was happening then, my life has always been a bit...foggy.ÊAnyways, I just recently lost my job and after spending a year working countless over time hours I decided that I would hold off on the job search for about a week or two just to relax.ÊBad move.ÊI am looking for work, but I do this from bed. I don't leave the house. Maybe 5 times a week for an hour or two. Other than that I am in bed with the lights and tv (most of the time) off. My appetite goes from virtually non existent to uncontrollable hunger. (My bmi is below where it should be). I feel stuck. Trapped in a life I have no interest in continuing. Nor do I have a real interest in ending it, though.ÊBeing somewhat new to my city now, and not having many ties to friends from the old place, makes me feel lonely. I live with my boyfriend of a little less than a year (I know I know stupid move) and he is one of those...'suck it up why do you do this to yourself you ****ing crazy person' people. He's never actually said any of those things to me or anyone directly, but I've picked it up and have since decided I'm not going to share how I'm feeling because he just won't get it ( we are discussing going our separate ways, too, so I don't feel the need to tell him how I feel)ÊSo! I scheduled an appointment for a psychiatric evaluation and 'Bi Polar disorder', 'psychotic disorder' and 'BPD' were all written at the top of her notes. And she then scheduled an appointment with a therapist, who I saw three weeks later and I guess it just doesn't seem like it will work. They put me with a child/family therapist which I kind of understand seeing as 22 is considered a baby in some cases. But she didn't seem to confront anything directly. She just stared at me until I said something or asked questions that seemed irrelevant.ÊIf I have some sort of mental disorder I would like it to be addressed so I can't get started on feeling like a normal person. Should I say something? Should I wait? Should I ask for someone else? I've had one session and another on Friday, and an appointment with a psychologist ( to see if meds are necessary ) on Thursday.ÊThanks guys, especially if you made it through this whole thing!