Wish I'd been born someone elseStarted by ppyvabw?, 20-04-15 08:08 PMI was given the worst hand ever when I was born. Absolutely everything has gone wrong for me in my life! I wasn't born with good looks, I have never ever been popular, people have always disliked me, taken the , bullied me and thought of me as a joke. The only thing I have ever had was that I was pretty smart, but that's never done me any ing favours. Which is why I am tormented by people with half my brains who have had everything fall at their feet, either doing the jobs they want, or if not doing the exact jobs they want -- as I am not -- are earning twice what I am. I on the other hand just have to support my meaningless existence -- I didn't ask to be put on this God-forsaken hell hole. I just got lumbered with it!!Of all the millions of people I could have been born as, why did I have to pop out as me -- it's just typical of my luck! I hope to God there is no such thing as reincarnation, because I'd bloody hate to come back as me. Sorry to be crude, but I wish my dad had just wiped me on the duvet.Case in point: I'm using a dating site, and I have emailed a few women, but got no responses whatsoever. I get about as much attention as a white crayon -- not even from the ugly ones. They all prattle on about how guys should look at what's inside, rather than being so superficial, but do they ever look at what's inside me? No: they see a guy who, by a cruel genetic misfortune, is almost completely bald at 32, is a little overweight (I'm 6ft 2 and used to be dangerously underweight!!) and is a little odd looking. Had girlfriends before, one of whom I was with for 7 years. The only one I really loved though, I was only with for about 6 months, but she really got under my skin. Still not entirely over it, even though it was six years ago. She met a guy, whom she claimed was 'just a friend', and I was stupid enough to trust her when they went ice-skating together a few times. Ice skating wasn't all they were doing! I hate women! I just don't care any more. Just take each day and wait until it's all over.I am cursedStarted by ppyvabw?, 03-03-15 05:48 PMHi,It is ages since I have been on here. Last time, I was unemployed and living at home in Lincolnshire, however I am currently working -- in a job I absolutely loathe, but that's a whole separate issue and another rant -- and living in Berkshire, which I also hate with a passion. I have been here since June 2014 -- so like 9 months.Since I have been here, absolutely everything has gone wrong and the only explanation is that I am cursed. I know curses don't exist, but it is getting harder and harder to dismiss. A lot of it is only little stuff that goes wrong, but lots of little things build up and up. I probably can't remember them all.My first weekend, my car broke down in Newbury and I spent an afternoon in the rain waiting for the AA man. I got towed home where I managed to fix it. Bare in mind that without my car, I simply cannot get to work as there is only a very poor bus service. Then a few days later, I flushed the downstairs toilet and the drain flooded and flushed dirty water all the way down the street. Had to get that fixed. The a few days after that, I was due to catch a plane to Newcastle to see a friend. He knew I was skint, so he payed, but naturally the plane got cancelled, so I shall probably never ever see him again. Then my sink drain got blocked and overflowed, flooding the electrics below.Then in August, my car broke down again big time. I could have fixed it myself, but I don't have the tools here, so it cost me a fortune at the garage. It then broke down again in November, whereupon I had to fix it on my driveway with half a dozen rusty spanners and a hammer.Then in December, the clutch on it went, but it was still working so I went back home to Lincolnshire for Christmas and fixed it there in my father's yard with proper tools. However, the new part I fitted turned out to be faulty; that's when I'd had enough and bought a new car.Then last month was really bad!!! The clutch went on the new car!!!!!!! I gave it to the garage to fix, and if that wasn't enough, the mechanic broke the gearbox, so it had to go back!!!! £700 quid it all cost, so the money I got from selling the old car which was meant to pay some debts went to repair the new heap of junk! I spent 2 weeks struggling 2 hours each way on the buses to work (work is only 5 miles away!). When I got it back, he said I needed to order new parts for it, which I did. They didn't get delivered, so I had to collect them from Reading, only to find the suppliers had sent the wrong thing, so they had to be sent twice!! My bed collapsed, so I had to repair that, my clothes rack collapsed, and is now held together with electrical cable, I was worried about the guy who bought my old car on ebay -- thought he might be a conman, but it turned out he was genuine -- and I had to buy a new shower head because it fell to pieces.Just when I thought nothing else could break or go wrong, last week I developed a huge spot on my thigh. It got so painful on Friday that I went to the out-of-hours doctor at the hospital hoping he'd just give me some pills, and he said I had to stay the night for surgery. I'm currently having to go to the doctors everyday to have the dressing change, and have just been told that I have to pay for the bandages like a normal prescription. 4 items each day for the next 2 weeks!!! So I came home and just cried. I am absolutely fed up. I'm on a reasonable wage, but I am struggling to get to the end of the month, and it is impossible to budget because I simply cannot predict what ridiculous drama is going to befall me next that well end up costing money. I am so sick of people telling me to think positively, as if thinking positively can have any causal effect on what happens, and people saying that bad stuff happens to everyone. Yes, bad stuff does happen to everyone, but not so much stuff all at once. I am dreading what's going to come next.Feeling downStarted by ppyvabw?, 15-04-15 07:36 PMI am feeling so down this evening. Just going over stuff in my head, mentally beating myself and metaphorically self-lacerating. Lonely, feel like a fraud and that other people know I am a fraud, I miss being with a woman, just generally beating myself up.I have tried thinning out the beer lately: a) because it's expensive going and having 6 pints every night at the pub, and b) to see if it made me feel any better. It hasn't made me feel any better whatsoever, so I have concluded that when doctors say alcohol is a depressant, it's just a load of old pony they say to get you to stop drinking. I get far more out of booze than booze gets out of me, to quote old Churchill, so I am planning to go out tonight just to break the loneliness. I'll feel like I have let myself down afterwards, but I don't care.