Feel Like The World Is Out To Destroy Me   PsychT1987 , 04 May 2015Thought things were getting better between my mom and I...then things hit the fan. Yelling at me for changing job's, telling me to grow up, suck it up, something is wrong with you. Going on about marrying my fiance is a waist should wait. Going on about how weird and strange it is to move in with my fiancé while she is living with her mom. I really need to escape from my mom. My fiancé just got into a nursing program finishes December 2016. I am going into a program in the spring of 2016 finishing in may 2017.The debt is piling up. The car still needs to be fixed for 2 grand. Traveling to work is taxing on miles to a point can't afford to pay off when the lease ends.My fiancé is upset I let my mom take over my head and not heed what she says.I really want to die. I feel I reached my breaking point. If I ask for help going to a hospital I won't be able to work, which will affect bills make my stress worse. I don't know how my fiance react and I have no family come see me.Being Cursed At And Labeled By My Mom   PsychT1987 , 01 May 2015Mom came in my room this morning yelling at me. Started cursing me out and calling me a loser. Slamming the door's of the house huffing and puffing. On top of that the dog is barking giving me a headache more anxiety. Feel my mom was talking about me on the phone.Mom is upset over a few thing's spending more time with my fiance mom only saw her twice this week. My mom is home sick wants to eat dinner with me. I worked Sunday, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Saw my fiance Tuesday looked for wedding places. Then went Thursday with my fiance and her mom to look for wedding places. Found a place. Anyways mom is not too happy about the wedding. Mom didn't want to come used bring sick as a way not to go. Fiance really didn't want her to. My mom makes rude joke's and nasty comments when fiance isn't around.Anyway my mom feels I am making her homeless and abandoning her. Next summer fiance mom said if I would like until fiance and I can establish self get solid on our feet can live with her. Again be paying some rent. I feel better move to separate myself from my mom.Long story short my mom asked if I could print some paperwork out for her. Never received the link, sent it to my old email. Phone died so wasn't able to contact my mom and day went on forgot about it.Then I give my mom rent money every Friday/Saturday was going to give it to her Saturday, but mom wanted it today. Going to get it before work today.Anyways this piles on to the already many stressors dealing with today. I had a rough sleep waking up sporadically through the night. I am exhausted what I thought be a good thing turned out to be a loss pipe dream. I went to an info session for a college program. Found out have to have this certain GPA, take these additional classes prior, take few entry test to get in, and some how find people to recommend you.I am stessed with driving I still have that accident looming over my head with questions waiting for the insurance companies to reach a decision of fault.I am stressed with work found a job opening close to home I am interested in applied a week ago haven't heard back. It be a great job opportunity save me money. That is the other stress no matter how much I save up come end of June I will be in the negative with my bank account.I am trying to tell my fiance with out freaking her out having fleeting thoughts of wanting to die. However, no plan or intent to act on it. I feel it is difficult for people to understand even those close to you. I don't want to dump this negative black mass of feelings emotions on to someone else.I feel just blahI Feel Awful For Harboring These Feelings   PsychT1987 , 01 May 2015I don't know if I like my mother I feel guilty for this. Her actions recently just push me away from her. I look back at my life how she raised me on her own and yes it was difficult. She holds that against me utilizing it as I owe her to give back to her for all her sacrafice given to raise me. I feel my life is destroyed and trying to rebuild, but continues to be demolished at times. I feel my mom has a great impact on my emotions and my stressors.Continuously reminding me of the negative the bad that will happen in life. She tries to control me and I feel guilty if I do what she wants. If o don't I fight against it doing the complete opposite acting rash and impulsive. I bought everything I can have put myself in debt to prove to my mom I have a good life with out her. In the end loss my job and life fell apart had to move back home. Trying to rebuild life at home with my mom around is a challenge. I feel like a failure with no escape.Stressful Day Continues   PsychT1987 , 02 May 2015Last night received two letters regarding the accident. One gave me the price of my damage to the car the other said there was a claim against me. Bit confused now about that have to wait till Monday till offices open up.My mom found out took a new job. Found out by going through my emails. Giving her benefit of the doubt not sure if left open by accident, but haven't used the computer at all this week...so feeling she might of been digging for it.Basically can't tell whether she is upset or not. As I knew she is upset I took a job with less hours and doesn't believe the pay per hour.Mom not taking to me still very minimal conversations one sided how she is upset at me for not printing papers down for her. Barging in my room this morning accusing me of being a liar. Walking around the house singing in a ring around the rosey tune "Liar liar liar....pants on fire."