  I feel like I'm a problem to everyone.  KAnne, 4  I am 19 and (feel like) I've been suffering from depression and anxiety since the age of 14/15. I wasn't officially diagnosed until last year, but my Doctor said I have "anxiety with depression" which seems about right. I have been on 3 different medications (none have worked so far) and my parents seem to think it's a joke. They know I have some issues (i.e. going places alone, getting out of bed, lack of motivation, disinterest in everything) but they don't seem to understand that my mental illness is real. For a few years I did laugh it off as a way to ease them into the whole "I am depressed" thing... so I suppose they never did let go of the humor and still believe I don't really suffer from anything.Anyway, despite everything, they still try to force me into situations that make me anxious and then get angry if I get uncomfortable and refuse. For example; if we're out shopping and I ask if we can go into a specific shop, they'll tell me to go in alone and when I say "oh never mind" and continue walking with them, they'll get pissed and say I'm lazy and "need to grow up."Tonight, they went out for drinks (and I'm fine with being alone for a few hours at a time) but then they called and said they'd be staying another hour and initially, I panicked, but I didn't want to be a pain and ruin their night so I went with it. But eventually, 4 hours passed and I called them to ask how long they'd be (because not only was I getting extremely anxious, I was starving and they were supposed to be bringing food home with them) and my Dad said "another hour" so I just hung up and he called back twice, clearly angered, saying "I'm a little b*tch" and I need to "f*cking grow up."Then there's my Sister. She's 10 years older than me and has children so I'm usually the babysitter. I'm fine with doing that for her, but what stings is that I'm babysitter first, Sister second. It was her birthday last week and she invited her friends and some family (our Mum included) to a party in her house and then asked me if I'd babysit her kids that night. I said no and she didn't talk to me for a week. All I ever do is watch her kids even though the only time she ever talks to me is when she's asking me to do something for her.My Grandparents are pretty much the same. If my Sister can't make it in time to go food shopping with my Grandma, they'll ask me instead... as a back-up, basically. They openly refer to her as "the golden child" and will do absolutely anything she asks, but the second I ask to be taken to a Doctor's appointment or something, it becomes a huge inconvenience and there's lots of grumbling involved.I don't know what I did or what I can do to fix it.