The physical struggle each dayDoes anyone else struggle physically each day? I feel like to just get up and move, putting one foot in front of the other, even drawing breath a real struggle. I've worked one way or another since I was 6 years old, but now if I had to "go to work" I doubt I coukd even make it to the car without collapsing. Every little thing, even taking a shower, seems to take so much energy I just can't do it. Does anyone else have this?Ever since I got soberI don't know about others but my sobriety comes hand in hand with my depression. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a miserable ex drunk blai,ing myself each day for what has been. I understand and encourage people not to wallow in the past, just to let it go. No, I think I used alcohol as a coping mechanism in a very stressful environment. Since I made the decision to put down the bottle, I've had nothing to help me cope and my depression has deepened. I was diagnosed with depression nearly 15 years ago but the doctor told me that "as I had an addictive personality they could not give me anything for my depression" and it took me a further 8 years to get real, solid treatment, not just dabbling round the edges. But now I am so low, so exhausted, so sore and down, I can't drag myself up. My eldest daughter loses patience with me and tells me "she needs her mum now" and my mother competes with me symptom for symptom. Is anyone else feeling this low or is it just me?Why are you not smiling-you used to be so funnyEver since I was a child I was told " you eldest sister had the brains, your next sister is beautiful, but never mind you're the funny one".  A tag which has annoyed me all my life as I'm not a blasted clown. Since my depressions got worse and I've slowed down physically and mentally, I'm getting reminded of this even more, especially when I cant be all bright and happy. Even right now, after telling family I am fine, not cross, I've just been told "I don't care what you say, something's making you cross right now because you are not all happy and smiling"  which means either I've got to pretend to be happy or I'll end up in a fight in about 3 hours or so. I can't handle a fight so I'll slap on a smile and then everyone else will feel ok while I'm crying inside. Why can't I just be how I feel? Why are their feelings more important than mine?