Cant explain this postPosted 10 months agoI genuinely can’t explain why I’ve felt compelled to write any of this but it’s my understanding that it’s good to write stuff down… So here it goes… I already know a lot of this won’t make sense even to me, just overflow from my mind as it jumps from subject to subject…This is being written offline just after trawling through depression forums, I’m still in a questionable mind set if this will be posted anywhere. We’ll see I guess.I can’t remember ever being consistently happy. Sure, I’ve had my moments, who hasn’t? But being really truly happy… can’t think of a single instance. Don’t get me wrong, just because I’m not happy doesn’t make me sad but I tend to feel nothing when good things happen or when people have joyous experiences around me. It just feels like nothing. I’m there but completely distant at the same time.It’s important to note, just because the happiness and joy never often surfaces and never for very long, the sadness and self loathing come out of nowhere and mentally destroy me on a frequent basis. As I’ve said, I’m not sad all the time, but when it comes, it comes with vengeance. I’m not filled with tears, just hate. Hate of myself. I have always and will always continue to have the lowest possible opinion of myself. “You’re lower than pond scum”.I’ve been diagnosed with depression before. Took some meds that I can’t recall and it pretty much tore a hole in me. So I stopped taking. Never went back to the doctor. Should I? Doesn’t matter, probably won’t. They can spend their time on the useful, I’ll spend mine with the damaged goods.Believe it or not I work full time in a technically skilled job and have been in the same industry for 6 years. Never missed a day for my issues but I cant help taking it work. Work. Work. Work. Sometimes the worst part, working for idiots who bury themselves behind convoluted processes meaning I can’t get anything simple done without jumping through hoops. The company (like every other company I’ve worked for) want’s people to suggest fresh ideas about how they can improve and throws around phrases like, “ask any of our directors about the direction of the company, we want to be completely transparent with our staff”. What a load of bollocks. The amount of new idea’s I’ve suggested at a technical level that have been declined purely because the decision makers don’t understand and have no inclination to attempt to understand is laughable. And as for the direction, ask anything about what are growth plans are in the market and you’ll lose ten minutes and still be none the wiser.So, to the current problem at hand and the thing that’s boiled my blood and fuelled my misery more than anything in ages, I have an apprentice who I have been giving a lot of my time to teach and develop. I don’t know if he’s just scared and a bloody idiot but I’ve caught him out twice lying to my face, once about him being late and another about a technical mistake he made but wouldn’t fess up to. Even when sliding definitive evidence right under his nose, I get a flood of denials and more lying. If there is one thing that really irritates me, it’s people lying to my face. It makes me seethe for days, I can’t shake it and can cause things I don’t want to surface.Anyway, I went away on holiday for a week and left him in the office with list of jobs to complete which were very achievable. I come back to find none of it’s been done. Right. As you can imagine what ever joy I had from the holiday quickly washed out of me. After doing a little digging I found what he has been doing: excessively screwing around online. At this point, I was tempted to defecate on his desk to really show what I thought of him but saner heads prevailed.So I began following the company processes, those things I love so much and was advised by HR not to check his internet history… I still don’t know why. Surely as his line manager and I have strong suspicions that he’s been messing around online I would have every right to use the evidence I’ve gathered. After checking our policies, it’s stated in black and white that I have the authority to check and raise it. HR still advised me against… again, for no reason what so ever. Frustration, anger and despair. Why the hell couldn’t I take this to him!? I’m not intending to get the lad fired, what a waste of time that would be for me training him! He think’s he got away with messing around online while the boss was away and he’s been slapped on the wrist for not doing his work and I’ve had enough! I’m going to take it to the little twat and I don’t give a toss what happens!The continuing idiocy above me, the lying below me and the nothingness where I am is taking its toll. I’ve had enough. Totally enough. I’ve been doing this for 6 years, 6 god-damn years of experience in a technical field and I feel like I’m going nowhere. I’m longing for something else, anything.My mind now goes to moving into a self employed role, working for myself developing software. I know the market exists, I know it’s do-able. I can’t get past myself. I need to get out of here. Just to go. But I can’t. It’s an aspiration to not work for idiots that I fear will never be the reality I need.From here is actually the day after writing everything previous. I walked home with my wife after work. I was miserable. So miserable. I completely broke down crying in the street at the thought of my inability to be happy one day destroying our relationship. This has never happened before. I tried to make it clear that she’s the only thing keeping me above water and if I’m upset it’s not a reflection on her… I hope I got the message through. I was in absolute despair last night. I just felt empty, so empty and I couldn’t get hold of my emotions. Just sat and cried, got angry then cried some more. I couldn’t tell you why at this point. I felt and still feel completely unstable. Back at work and can’t shake any of it.Don’t know what to do with myself. Feel completely useless and going nowhere. I want so much to provide a better life for my wife. Probably won’t happen. I’ll find out I’m as useless at software development as I am at everything else. I’ll end up continuing my futile work until I’m a lonely miserable old man. That’s probably the future I deserve right? Why should I have any better. People who can make something of themselves. They deserve it. Not me. Never me.Even when I’m at my lowest of the lows. I can still rationalise everything. Everything. Cant do anything about it though, even how much my own behaviour makes me sick. Get up and go and do something. Nope, busy sitting here and getting irritated about my lack of motivation. Vicious circles that I just cant break out of.I still don’t know if I’m going to post any of this. I might just so I know someone knows how I feel. Not that it makes any difference. The world can know and I can shout it from the roof tops, but does it make a difference or mean anything? Probably not. Still the same miserable prat when I come down from the rafters. The same incapable idiot whom I despise.