Hello...   Chris8062 , 25 Apr 2015Sorry for the long post...just putting this somewhere to get it out there and maybe someone has some advice or can relate. I've been depressed for a long time (Since around 2007). Previously, this was related to an undiagnosed issue I have which gives me chronic lethargy, headaches and lightheadedness. It makes me constantly feel sick. There were also other situations going on at the time that made me unhappy, but despite this, things felt bearable.More recently, in the past 2 or so years, things have gotten much worse very quickly. I starting working at a job I don't like. While it makes much more money, I don't really connect with any of my co-workers (They don't think they really like me either). I do put out the highest numbers, have the highest responsibility and am an asset to my team, but I'm constantly burned out and stressed from doing so much work.My friends have either moved away or don't talk to me anymore. I no longer go out or do anything and I go months at a time without going anywhere other than my job. The few occasions I do go somewhere, it's to family events which I no longer even feel like dragging myself to. As a result, I've become socially inept and cannot hold conversations well with people. Usually they either think I'm awkward or get annoyed by me. I don't relate to others anymore and have become somewhat of a misanthrope.I haven't slept much in the past few years typically getting about 3-5 hours a night during the week and then crashing and sleeping most of the weekend. The reason I don't sleep is that my mind races at night and won't let me pass out even though I'm extremely tired. Also, since then, I've stopped working out, been eating poorly, gained a lot of weight and my hairlines receded quickly along with other physical features deteriorating. I now look old, worn down and fat. I'm 29.This has all had a really bad effect on me and I don't know what to do. I've been going to the gym again in the past month, but it's very hard with the problems I'm having. I've also been trying to eat better and look at the brighter side of things. This is not helping as I feel even more drained by exercising and (as dumb as it sounds) eating was the one thing I looked forward to when there is nothing else I really enjoy in my life. I feel like I have no reason to live and don't really feel like I have anything to offer anyone else. I feel physically sick and emotionally drained all the time and it doesn't look like it's going to get better. I've been thinking about suicide constantly and have been researching painless ways to do it. I'm probably too much of a coward, but I don't know if I'll get to a point where I'm not anymore. I just cant get it off my mind and things feel hopeless. If you got through all this, thanks for reading...