Something Snapped Today.   afflicted , Today, 06:43 PMI was sitting in a room full of people, where we're all supposed to be digesting information, and I found myself spacing out nearly the entire time. I space out a lot, admittedly, but this time I found myself entirely unable to care. I didn't want to be there. I didn't want to converse at all. I felt like everyone's happy energy, or perhaps just good acting, was weighing on me. I could tell that others were concerned for me and could detect a negative, apathetic, or even hostile mood I was in. I suppose I could describe it as some combination of these. At one point, someone tried to include me into a conversation and I was very irritated by the attempt. I really struggled to answer the question and it caused me to feel both nervous and angry and I couldn't really hide it well. I didn't explode or anything, it was just apparent that I was not in good 'spirits'. I had to leave the building and walk around for a few minutes. The rest of the time I just spent sitting there fidgeting, rarely talking at all, just like yesterday. Now that I think of it, I experience this a lot – the not caring thing. I mean, if I did, why would I zone out so much? I'm starting to ask some tough questions in my head: Do I care about what I'm doing or is that just a forced, fraudulent effort? Am I a bad fit? And when am I ever happy? What am I getting out of life? Those last few questions have an answer and it scares me.. No, I'm not happy and I can't recall the last time that I was. I don't think I'm getting anything out of life. Instead, it's just going through the motions, always doing what needs to be done and living inside of my head the rest of the time. I do have a 'rich inner world' as some might describe it but it's not a very healthy one because it's often at odds with my environment. I'm determined and I have a good set of values, yes, but it's like a constant friction. Anyone who has been around to read some of my posts here on DF will recognize this so I won't get into it. I am working on self-acceptance and giving less significance to what others might think of me in attempts to alleviate some social anxieties. I am in therapy and even went to a support group a few days ago. I try to get out and do things, like go to a movie, the mall, or the park. Try bullshitting with my housemates. I'm looking into hobbies/distractions (even bought a damn RC drone for some reason). I make small attempts to work out and eat healthier. I do all of these things because otherwise I'd just be sitting at home in my free time, alone, staring at this computer screen or the wall. I don't have a family that I actually consider family, or friends that I actually consider friends (why would I want simple, surface level friendships anyways?), and certainly no close, romantic/intimate relationships. While I do very much want the last bit, I don't know if I'm datable in the traditional sense, which is what most women seem to want/expect. To wrap all of this up, I've reached a point, I think, where I just don't want to give a shit. Maybe that's good in some ways but it has some potential to impact my future very negatively, at least in comparison to others around me. I'm depressed, yes, but it's gone beyond that now. I'm not loved/desired in ways that I would like to be and I don't view myself as necessary. I feel like a mood sink to others but I can't get myself to conjure the energy needed to at least try to make it seem as though I'm OK. You know, half-ass it. A part of my mind seems to have broke. I have to decide if living like this is worth it to me. Well, of course it's not worth it to me but what else can I do? I don't want to end my life - I have no active intent/plan - but I don’t' really want to live it either, not like this. That could, I suppose, change if I experienced sudden setbacks because there is no love to receive and no one to give to. At this time, and for the longest time now, there seems to be two modes of operation for me: barely there and holding on OR excruciating pain. I think this will be the last topic of mine here on DF as I find myself visiting less often these days. I don't know what purpose this long post serves and I don't like complaining, and regardless of what I try and tell myself, I feel the same way after every post. I must be getting something out of it, though, right? Otherwise why would I post? It's some sad attempt to reach out but I know it's not enough to satisfy me. Ok, I'm done. Thanks for reading.