Any advice for me...?Started by looking_for_hope?, 19-03-14 01:13 AMMy story....[PART 1](I apologise for the length, I just thought that I might as well explain things properly if I was going to bother at all...)I don’t know how this has happened. I don’t know how I got here. I wish it was just a nightmare that I will wake up from.I am a 22 year old girl living in Sydney. I would describe my usual self as happy, laid back, calm and caring. I have never experienced any great traumas.... I have never really had any issues with anxiety or depression in my life up until now, although I have always been quite sensitive and emotional. My father and aunty have had very mild experiences with depression and my older sister has a bit of anxiety, but nothing compared to my situation.My family is beautiful and loving, especially my parents and twin sister. My older sister is caring too but she has caused me (and others) stress over the years with her anxiety and negativity towards everyone. But like I said, I have not experienced any real trauma or hardships, I have not lost anyone close to me. I have had experiences where I have been stressed and anxious and overwhelmed, usually due to school work or uni work and once after my first (and only) break up with a boyfriend of 4 years. I took this very hard and maybe it has affected me more than I realise. He definitely affected my self-esteem and still haunts me in my thoughts and dreams sometimes. However all of these times I moved past it normally... Even though the break up really took its toll on me, I was still able to recover relatively quickly without any issues (although he harassed me a little and put me in pain on and off for months after we broke up). I still felt perfectly fine and like myself...Although I can be a little lazy I usually aim very high, e.g. pushed myself to get first class honours at uni and stressed over getting high marks (which of course I achieved and even won a money prize for all my hard work). While I have never been the most confident person and felt self-conscious and awkward at times, I was still confident and believed in myself. So It is nothing compared to how I am feeling at the moment.I am definitely a person who enjoys routine and familiarity... I have never really liked big changes...which is why this situation is probably so distressing for me. I am not really a person who "goes with the flow" and does not plan anything and that is what I have to do at the moment and it is HARD. I abosultely hate not knowing what is going on and not having clear direction... I will explain why... This depression just slowly crept up on me...I had been studying primary school teaching at uni for 5 years (2009-2013). It was always what I had planned to do and I was enjoying it, content with it, feeling fine and confident about it all.About 5 months ago, I began my final teaching practicum (6 weeks) for my Bachelor of Education. Right before it I felt like I was on top of the world... I had a wonderful new boyfriend, lots of friends, I was happy and confident and loving life. I was content about teaching and was so excited to finish uni (although now that I think about it I hadn't really thought about or planned exactly what I would do after uni in terms of jobs... which is something that surprises me now...) Anyway, I was fine.But when I started, something happened and I still don't understand what...At first I just found the workload of my teaching practicum overwhelming.. I started to think "This is really hard.... I didn't expect to feel like this... I feel overwhelmed... I don't know if I can actually do this... maybe I am not actually cut out for this... maybe I am not smart and dedicated and motivated enough...". Then without me realising where this was heading, it continued and continued and continued....I allowed myself to continue these negative thought patterns and didn't think to try and stop them like I normally would have in the past. And they grew and grew and grew... I started to panic. I suddenly felt like I could not cope with it.... I blamed the teacher... I started to feel anxious and uneasy... I lost all my confidence... I stopped experiencing the happiness I used to feel when I was teaching... I stopped feeling happy at all...I stopped feeling like I belonged in the classroom and started to feel inadequate and incompetent. I stopped wanting to socialise (something I loved)... I didn’t want to talk to anyone because I felt so uneasy. I could not explain it. I felt like I was in over my head and I just wanted to run away. It took everything I had to paste on a fake smile and try to get through each day. I just could not wait until it was over and I could have a break... I thought that would make me feel better. The whole time my friends were fine and loving it and lining up jobs and I just felt like I wanted to go and hide in my bed and never come out...