I Think I'm Going To Stop Taking Lamictal   idkusername465 , 02 May 2015Ever since I started taking this med on march 19th I've been feeling crazier and crazier. First its the incredible paranoia. Everywhere I go I feel people are talking about me. Whenever I walk by someone laughing I feel they must be laughing at me. I feel like an insane person. I've gotten back to some stuff I learned in cbt, about recognizing distortions and stuff, but this is just too much negative stimuli. It also makes me shake in social situations. I get these weird tremors where my neck/head shake awkwardly and its pretty embarrassing. I think people notice. Also it has caused some night terrors, I find myself waking up abruptly. For example, if in my dream someone tackles me I wake up violently as my entire body bounces on the bed, like someone has actually tackled me.  Now I've been feeling so trapped in my life. Like everywhere I go I feel so damn trapped its almost unbearable. Even when I attempt to go outside to be around people I still feel trapped somehow. I can't escape it! I think I'm going to stop taking the med. I will see my psych on wednesday and will let her know I stopped. I really don't want to wait until then. Plus I want to see I friend on Monday and in my current state I don't think I will be able to do it. I'm on 200mg by the way.What Are Your Goals? For Today? Tomorrow?....or Anywhere In The Future? Post Them Here!  idkusername465 , 03 Mar 2015 Hello People of The Forums, I'm not sure if this thread already exists but I thought I'd make it just in case it hasn't. There are some similar threads on the forums but I'm not sure if this exact topic has been posted. Anyway post your goals here, however small or big they may be. Your goal could be something as little as taking a shower or perhaps even something much bigger that you aspire to.  I'll start first: My goal for thursday is to talk to this cute girl in one of my classes and hopefully get her number!   My hope with this thread is hopefully we can foster a positive environment where we encourage each other to strive towards our hopes and dreams. As corny as that sounds lol