ÊWays to cope with stressI like to think off my self as a generally happy person, but lately many things have been getting to me. I'd hate to describe myself as depressed because it is such a strong word. I'm currently 16 and tensions between my mom and I have been rising. We are currently living in a homeless shelter, but as long as I'm with her, it doesn't matter. I love her more than you could ever imagine. I don't ever want to see a world without her. For my whole life, I've been obeying her every wish. I have never smoked, drunk alcohol, or cursed, and I don't plan on doing it anytime soon. I've been asked out various times, I have yet to ever have a boyfriend. In exception to gym class, i get straight A's. I understand that these rules are enforced only because she loves and cares for me and I have no problem obeying them. *Ever since we've moved into the shelter, my mom has been letting the hoodrats that occupy this place try to tell her how to raise my sisters and I. She has been talking down on me lately, calling me ungrateful, disrespectful, and other ugly words. She doesn't understand how much it hurts me when she says stuff like this. Before we moved here, and before she met her ghetto friends, she's been an amazing and nice mother, although she's always have been highly influenced by her friends. She cares too much about what others say and it is constantly *getting inbetween our relationship. *Nothing I say or do will change that. When she continues to listen to her friends instead of her children ,who dearly love her, it directly affects us and our childhood. *Everytime we get into arguments, she brings up how when I was a child, people used to say that I was crazy or psychotic. I know I'm not, but after years of her saying that, I truly think she believes what they told her. A majority of her friends at this shelter are overweight and *one of them (Dekiesha) seems to attack me for my way of dressing also my eating habits. It's difficult for me to lose weight, so I choose to eat more often them other people, but whenever Dekiesha see's me eating, she always has to comment on it. Then, whenever i am wearing a crop top she criticizes my way of dressing. To make it clear, I have no intentions to impress anybody. Next thing you know, Dekiesha goes and tells my mom that she does not approve of my way of dressing and my mom listens to her so I am not allowed to wear cropped tops anymore. If the comment came from good intentions I would understand, but Dekiesha is clearly either hateful or jealous toward me. Our first *month here, she decided to make up a very horrible rumor about me. It appalls me that my mom would continue to care about her criticism. Now, I am deemed as a ungrateful, selfish, disrespectful, spoiled brat. I've spent my 16th birthday in the shelter with presents from only my little sister and i am still deemed as ungrateful. I've been through so much *throughout my childhood and i feel so underappreciated for being such an amazing child. I've lost nearly everything i dearly care about. Now I'm losing my mom. She feels so annoyed with all the love and attention i give her. *She was generally concerned because I am "obsessed" with her. She fails to realize how much stress I have. All the stress is finally getting to me. *After a few months of getting over Trichotillomania, it is starting to become a habit again. Honestly, I don't want to see a therapist. It would be great if you guys can recommend ways to cope with the stress, like yoga. Thank you!