Diphenhydramine - Nytol One-A-Night 50mg tablets. Scary ! Need some help or advise!Posted 5 months agoHi all,I have been using Nytol one a night for about 2 years with small breaks during this time due to losing my best friend and had always had so much trouble at a young age around 15-16 when I lost both my parents within a year of each other.I went to the doctors at the start about my sleep but I didn't want anything my body would or could get addicted to and have to withdrawl. He gave me a weeks worth of sleeping tablets and of I went. Didn't go back to see him for a year as I found :Nytol my savour for helping me sleep. They were brillant for me, I am not a drug user nor will I ever be as I just don't have any interest in them but I have tried some drugs but only once or twice usally when I am totally drunk.Anyway back to the Nytol, brillant took 1 a night for months worked brillant. Eventually as all things, it was coming to an end, 1 tablet wasn't working. Started to take 2. I was tottally oblivious to any danger if I was to take too much eventually it will end badly. I just thought "its sold over the counter, they is obviously nothing dangerious or anything to worry about".Also when speaking to friends or my doctor he just said continue to take nytol whilst im on anti depressaints to help me sleep. This was 2 months ago he persribed me citalopram 20mg a day. I had to come of it because the side effects were just awful.Currently now on Propanolol for aniexty more social than anything never really had panic attacks. He said same again, just continue nytol and try and come of them slowly over time. So I had told my doctor a year and a half later that I am still on nytol but I currently take 4-6 a night, I take 4 before bed and If that doesn't work I take 1/2 throughout an hour or 2 until I fall asleep.So with taking 40mg 1-3 times a day of propanolol I felt calmer and didn't mind going to shops etc were as before I would always avoid and beg my girlfriend to go lol. So it was working brillant but I was still not happy due to depression I felt will be asking doctor for advice when I see him in 2 weeks.So back to nytol my sleeping pattern was so bloody bad recently like waking up at 5pm and sleeping at 8am. Which made me more depressed so I once against incrased the Nytol dose to get to sleep sooner. I have never ever experienced anything like this in my life alone side the propanolol because I had been taking 6-8 tablets per night a few times and nothing happened. With the propanolol the last few nights I had been getting visual distorations like clear squiggles that looked like it was bending the air and distorting everything behind it (if that makes any sense). Had that for a few nights didn't think anything was wrong I just thought it was because I hadn't slept in so long. I could also see like particlies and very small things bumping and jumping making the floor look like it was vibrating. Feel asleep eventually and repeated this for a week or so. Until Last night I genuinely thought I was about to die I was seconds away from passing out and I scared the sh*t out of my poor girlfriend. I was getting the usal distorations in my vision and I had ended up taking 11 nytol pills last night without even realising, as I was supposed to wake up early today and go out with friends and go to the xmas market as we do it around this time every year. So I was worrying about the time and I just wanted to get to sleep ASAP so I could be fresh for waking up early and head out!I was beginning to see things move that just weren't moving and I knew something was up, I could see my blanket they shapes when I went into like a day dream state everything was moving and looked as if flys or something were stuck in the bedsheets/blanket buzzing inside trying to get out. (the best way I can desribe it) I also was seeing splashes of water on my walls that just kept moving and seeing things in the corner of my eyes but when I looked it was gone.Then suddenly bam, my heart just went bloody nuts I instantly felt as if I was about to pass out I quickly lifted my head and made sure I landed on my girlfriend beside me incase I passed out and I just shouted "there's something wrong with me" and burst into tears.Luckily I didn't pass out but my heart was still sore and buzzing. I don't have panic attacks often its like once or twice a year and with taking propanolol I was always calm. No panic attack felt like this before and I rang the out of hours doctor and told me it was prob a panic attack speak to ur own doctor when you can.After my girlfriend just holding me stroaking my head (which wasn't helping it was making me feel so sick) but I didn't want to upset her even more. I finally moved and said I need to stop this I know theres something wrong with me I need to stop taking med's I didn't have any problems before I started the meds. I looked over at the nytol packet I had bought the night before and out of a packet of 20 there was 9 left.I instantly thought to myself, "what the hell?! I don't even remember taking that many" as soon as I saw that I bolted to the toilet and dry heaved for a few minutes so worried I was going to die my heart still wasn't feeling right and I was scared I was overdosing so I thought screw this I am not waiting for something to happen and fired my fingers to the back of my throat to throw everything up as I did no want to go near a hospital incase they thought It was a sucide attempt which they would with recent anti depressiants and propanolol. I will NEVER touch nytol again. I forgot to mention (this is strange and hard to explain) I was getting after all the panic and the store chest and after throwing up 10mins later I was getting cold sensations of blood throw in my arms and legs. The best way I can desribe it, it was like someone was injecting cold blood into my arms and legs and it was like a shooting sensation that would start at the top of my arms and legs and work its way down and start at the top and work its way down again. There was no pain just a strange feeling??I am so sorry for this massive long story and I've tried to shorten it as much as I can. I am to go to the doctors in 2 weeks thats my next appointment. Am I in any danger for long term use and abuse that I didn't even realise was bad for me. Will I experience any trouble if I just stop them the nytol that is. The doctor I spoke to today was telling me to continue the propanolol as instructed do not stop them.