Hurt By Betrayel From Best Friend   Groot , 27 Apr 2015I don't know if I'm after advice or if I just need to vent .  But a few weeks ago my (former) best friend got annoyed with me over nothing, then started acting like a pathetic child over the issue (we're all 28-30), dragging friends into it, getting them to even take sides.  He then cut all contact with me and even got others to, ending it all with a text basically saying it was a good run, I thought our friendship didn't mean anything, and to f off and have a good life.  Despite this all not being my fault, I decided to actually just do the adult thing and try to make everything right, by explaining what he thought the issue was and put my trust in him by explaining a secret that I didn't want to really tell anyone, but felt I had no choice to in order to make things right.  Today I've now found out that despite me thinking that friendship was worth saving, my trust has been betrayed as others now know, and I've been played as he's using the secret I told him to manipulate a situation to suit himself even though he knows its at the cost of my happiness and feelings. I guess I've just learnt that really what used to be my best friend is really just a self centred **** who will do whatever it takes to be the centre of attention with no regard for what happens to actual friends. I've just cut ties with him and the others involved from my usual contact channels, only realising now that the friendship clearly wasn't worth saving, let alone going out of my way to make all the effort to fix things and sharing things that I'd rather have kept to myself. All I feel now is angry and pissed off, I can't actually focus on anything else, I need to be thinking of controlling the damage spread by whats been done, but can't get my thoughts in order.  I've never been betrayed like this before, how do people cope with this? currently im just on my routine of drink it away, but I work with someone involved in all this so tomorrow im going to have to somehow keep calm and put on a front at work as if nothings happened.  Right now at home I can get angry, punch a wall and drink it away, but I don't know how to handle this pain during the day. I guess if anyone has advice on how to deal with cutting out friends they used to be close to then I'd like to hear it.