ÊI don't know what to do ÊUnsure123,Ê1 Week AgoHi,Apologies for the essay and sorry if I'm in the wrong place here.I'm really struggling atm and don't know how to stop myself feeling the way I do.I am taking anti depressants again and I know they take time to work and I am also awaiting counselling.I just don't see how these things are going to help, I have been here before but I seem to keep returning to this state at different stages of my life (I'm 35).I feel worthless all the time and that I have nothing to offer anyone, i feel unattractive and useless.I feel that I am judged by others all the time and am always found wanting.I lost everything over a year ago, my family, the woman I loved and the family we had together, my home, everything. I had no friends or anyone to help me, I completely broke and was considering suicide. It took time but I started to build my life back piece by piece.Now things have improved dramatically for me over the last year.I have a pretty good job, a couple of friends (which is more than I had before) but I'm finding myself feeling the same way again.ÊI can't ever see myself being with anyone again as I was hurt so badly in my last relationship, I found out I was cheated on several times including with my own brother, I was used and manipulated and the amazing and perfect relationship I had was all a lie so I feel like I had been made a complete fool of.How could anyone ever want me the way I am now, I can't have any sort of relationship as it would be unfair for anyone else.I find myself crying over really small things and I feel so alone all the time.I'm not "in a mess" all the time and I try to be rational about things and not think in the heat of the moment but I just can't see an end to this.I haven't had physical contact with anyone for a long time, I'm not talking about sex, I haven't even had a hug from someone who's meant it in over a year.I find myself getting very embarrassed and anxious in social situations which makes meeting people very hard and the atmosphere turns awkward very quickly.I'm just unhappy with where I am mentally and I don't really know who I am anymore because I've spent so long trying to pretend I'm someone I'm not.The fact that people in "worse" situations than me cope perfectly well only makes me feel weak.I spend a lot of time giving advice and helping others when all I really want is for someone to help me but at the same time I isolate myself and push people away.I know I'm being my own worst enemy but I don't know how to break this cycle.Any advice would be appreciated.