  Feeling lonely  johnathon84, 5  I was wondering if anybody had similar problems in the past or do presently?. Iv never been one to have lots of friends as im more of id rather have a small number of friends i trust then a large amount i dont kind of guy. I had two very close friends until one year ago. After i got depression and anxiety they tried to help me out but they didnt understand and they started being nasty towards me which was the point that i decided that the friendship was toxic. I now have nothing to do with these people to cut a long story short. I still have one close friend but he lives some distance away from me. We do however see eachother around every two months or so when i stay with him. We also speak everyday. I just feel lonely sometimes sitting at home. With having issues going outside i spend a lot fo time watching tv, on games and on my pc. How does everybody cope with this issue?. I get upset at times remembering the life i used to have compared to what i dont now. Can my doctor sign me off indefinately?  johnathon84, 3  Hi all i was looking for some advice. Last year i was off work for two weeks down to depression and anxiety. It was last week that my doctor signed me off once again for a further two weeks due to the same issues which included havign panic attacks in and outside of work. The big load of all of this is brought on by pressure and stress from work. I am also a type one diabetic. The stress with work and not wanting to be around people and the pressure and the constant worry of panic attacks thanks to work has led me to have dangerously high blood sugar levels. I was wondering though if i go back to see my doctor tomorrow, do they have the power to sign me off indefinately rather than just a number of weeks or months?. All of this stress has been brought on by the workplace and i was hoping that the doctor would see things from my point of view and work is not the best place for me. Will my doctor completely sign me off due to this as it affects depression,anxiety and agrophobia. I can use that time to relax then and not worry about work which can lead me to building myself up again to look for alternative work. Please could somebody give me advice on this please as i am really worried. Thank you in advance. does anyone have bad anxiety over their health  johnathon84, 3  The past few days I have had a big fear about anxiety over my health. Does anybody suffer from similar experiences. I quit smoking a number of months ago and since that time I have had big worries about ny health. One of the biggest fears that I have is that there could be a chance that I have something wrong with me such as cancer. I tend to worry about this kind of stuff knowing the chances are I do not. Is it worth speaking to my doctor about this and is there anything they could do to put my mind at rest?.feeling guilty  johnathon84, 2  Hello again everybody. I havnt been online in a few days been feeling terrible. I hope everyone is doing ok. In an update to myself i visited my doctor again this week where he prescribed me with double the dose of Prozac that I'm currently on. I have been keeping busy doing chores around the house but still having tremendous worry and panics when leaving the house. I'm still off work and I need to see my doctor next week to get signed away from the workplace again. I'm feeling guilty about being away though but I need this time for me. Should I be feeling guilty. Making small steps step by step could mean I'm off for a long time. Should I be feeling guilty about taking tine to myself to get better and is there anything that work can do aka punishing me for being on long term sickness?. Whent into town now feel dreadful  johnathon84, 1 Week AgoHi there everyone i just wanted to share a little story from today. So as i have well documented over the past number of weeks i have been terrified of leaving my house and going out to places due to fear of panic attacks which do often occur. However today i took a bold step to go out i went into town to have a little look around. I have been off work for quite some time now and have not seen any colleagues at all that was until today.I saw a friend from work who asked how i was doing. I do not like to meet people when im in town and with the amount of time iv been off i know that others in the workplace will be hearing about this. Is there anything they can do?. My GP has recommended me to try and leave the house as much as i can and do exercise so im only operating on my doctors advice. Could my boss refuse to pay me statutory sick pay due to this or anything like that. Its not like i was having the time of my life when i bumped into my colleague. I was simply looking forward to getting back to my house. Is there something wrong with me becuase i just want to be on my own ?  johnathon84, 1 Week AgoHey i was wondering if anybody ever shared a similar experience. I dont know wether this is related to my depression and anxiety or its just in my nature. But im in my id twneties and whereas most are out partying at weekends with their friends and all of that kind of stuff. Im a person who prefers to be just left on my own. I live with my parents and siblings but even then i just want to be left on my own. I spend nearly all day in my bedroom but i have sky television a computer and games consoles in here which is everything i like so i dont feel the need to come out of here really. I do feel like im anti social but even being around my family at times really wrecks my head. Im just the kind of person that if i could be on my own all of the time i would be without a doubt. This is nothing to be worried about though right?. I think its just the nature of who i am.