Cutting Ties With Friends And Family Who Are Toxic...hard But Necessary:Ê  highanxiety ,Ê04 May 2015Taking an inventory of those people in your life who you feel obligated to but are making you constantly feel bad about yourself sometimes seems necessary. ÊIn my case cutting off ties with some family members and long term friends.ÊTook me a long time in therapy to say that and actually take action. ÊI felt so relieved once I dealt with the problem after I realized there was no way to salvage relationships with people who tend to be toxic. ÊIf you can't trust a person, even a family member, and they are doing wrong by you and you've done everything you can to try to fix it, it all becomes a competition of power in my opinion. ÊFor me it can be lonely sometimes but releasing these people has opened another door to really cherishing my true friends I can trust even if just a few. And opens a door to meet new people as well. ÊStill with all this said, letting go is still not easy even though you know you have toÊJust wondering how other members are dealing with toxic people in their lives? ÊBy the way toxic to me, represents a person who is repeatedly not trustworthy, takes but does not give, talks behind your back, and can be so manipulative you begin to question your self if you are really the one at fault..ÊIf My Depression Was Passed Down Through My Mom, Will It Be As Intense As What She Went Through?  highanxiety ,Ê22 Apr 2015It is my understanding from reading and therapy that depression can be genetically passed down by other family members like my mom or dad, grandparents and etc. If this is the case I must have been the lucky recipient from my mom because she suffered for many years. ÊI'm wondering if other members had family they may have inherited it from. ÊAnd the most scary, to what intensity. ÊI assume depression is very individualized, but if I have to look forward to what my poor mom went through, I can't possibly handle it and it scares me. ÊI am so much like my mom, look like her, have the same personality. ÊShe was always my best friend. ÊBut when she became depressed my Freshman year in college it was terribly scary and hard to see. ÊShe was in bed for a year, very doped up on Thorazine, Librium, and such. ÊShe had no desire to live, three failed suicide attempts, one I witnessed behind a closed door trying to talk her out of it and fortunately did. ÊThen came being institutionalized for three years receiving shock at one acute facility, and then put in the University Hospital in lock down with other patients where she remained for two years. ÊI visited her as much as I could, and it tore my heart out to see what she was going through. ÊMiraculously with the right psychiatrist and the right medication, she snapped out it and came home functional. ÊWill this be me? ÊMy question to members who are willing to share if they feel they inherited depression, and if yours is more or less intense than the person presumably had it in the first place? ÊI wish my mom was around right now so I could talk about it with her but she passed in 1999. ÊMaybe your stories will help me understand this better, because I feel my depression is worsening in the same pattern as my mom's. Ê Plus I'm dealing with some very heavy things in my life right now which makes me wonder when I may reach the breaking point. ÊAnything to share would be helpful, and thanks.Trying To Work Through The "what If" Scenario...and Self Blame:Ê  highanxiety ,Ê27 Apr 2015HI members, ÊMy plate is full right now with really too much for one to handle. ÊI plan on starting therapy again and get a new psychiatrist but I'm being careful in my search. ÊA forum member kindly supplied me some good pointers in finding a good therapist or psychiatrist in another thread. ÊI really need a firm diagnosis as other members have suggested so I can get the right treatment and direction. ÊRight now I'm overwhelmed by almost everything, not very trust worthy of other people, and questioning myself about a lot about things I should have done better in the past. ÊAsking myself what if I had done this instead of the way I handled it, in a sense blaming myself for something that happened in the past I can't fix or change. Ê My last good therapist uncovered this "what if and self blame" scenario having started way back in my early years. ÊLike when I was five I remember my Dad furious with me and chasing me around the yard to spank me or something. ÊI jumped off an Ê8 ft embankment and continued running. ÊMy Dad jumped off the embankment but hurt his back very badly. ÊAn injury which affected his physical activities the rest of his life. I felt terrible ever since feeling if I only had not jumped he wouldn't have. ÊBut my therapist pointed out it was h is choice. He should have known there was risk involved and some of the responsibility of his injury lies with him. ÊThis explanation gave me some solace but I still feel a bit guilty. ÊAnd the list goes on. ÊHow does someone let themselves off the hook for things they should of but didn't do in the past? ÊFor some reason this is fixated in my mind and I wish I could do an instant erase. ÊWondered if anyone else deals with this. ÊCertainly doesn't help one dealing with depression trying to build up your self worth.