Depression, sharing my experience may help Hello All,     I was diagnosed with depression 15 years ago, and have beaten it twice. I thought I would share my experience with you all in the event it might help some of you fellow sufferers. Firstly the majority of people with depression will come on here and talk about it. Once cured they carry on with life and forget all about the illness and the need to help others. I had taken anti depressants for many years. In the beginning i didnt want to touch them, but was so poorly I thought what choice do i have, pop a pill or feel like this the rest of my life. When i first started taking them i felt sick,dizzy, sweaty, you name it i had it. I generally though what on earth are these doing. People around me who loved me told me to carry on, when in reality i just wanted to go bed and not wake up. I did however keep taking them and every day felt like a week. I decided to walk to the shop one morning to buy a paper as i thought its better than sitting here feeling awful. I ended up walking to that shop everyday for a year. In the beginning i could barely be bothered, but as the weeks passed i found i could walk it without effort. I walked through cold, rain and sunny mornings. Slowly I started to realise that I didnt need to walk to the shop anymore as the mornings seemed to be better. I was finally cured and stayed depression free for 10 years. Then unfortunately without me realising i fell over again, just didnt see it coming, and i though oh no, I know what i have to do all over again, god can i really be bothered to start walking to the shop again, when i'd been driving there for years. The only thing that kept me going was the fact that i knew i beat it before and i'd beat it again. some people called me weak minded but I think I am strong minded as if they were in my position having the feelings i had, see if they could call me weak then.    Anyway all I am really getting at is if you have been diagnosed with depression it means the balance of chemicals in your brain have gone out of sync. The brain will try to correct them but sometimes it needs help, and that where the meds can help. The downside is when they enter your system the brain isn't keen on the help, but as you persevere it eventually accepts them...Like i say when i was diagnosed 15 years ago i felt that ill i genuinely thought the doctors had missed something and it was curtains for me, turns out 15 years later i am still here....     Someone quoted an Albert Eistein staying to me the other day that really made me think so i thought i would end by sharing itINSANITY is doing the same thing everyday, but expecting something to change.......Wishing all who reads this well 