This is what living like this doesStarted by PointBlankEm?, 04-02-15 02:16 AMHey everyone,Im new on here and I cant say that Im glad, as im here with nowhere else to turn. I have a lot going on in my life but its not really that much at all. I dont know where to start because there's too much to tell. The first things you should know are that I am turning 21 in two weeks, im a very emotional person, and I don't know how to communicate how I feel too often.I guess I want to start with whats happening right now... I had been on Zoloft for anxiety for almost three years and have been off for almost two months. But I feel crazy, not crazy exactly, but different. I've been constantly crying for days. There's not one specific reason, it varies. Something i've been trying to deal with is PCOS (polycystic ovarian syndrome) which affects whether or not I can have a child. Im not even sure I want to have a child, for what, to pass on my bad genes? But if i decided someday I did... would I be able to? The person i've been with for two years wants to have a child someday, and will i be able to do that? It'll hurt too much if i can't, I know i would be less of a woman to myself, no matter what my mom yaps in my ear. I haven't been able to study for school, i even dropped a class, because two classes were overwhelming. I cant seem to care enough. I have a boyfriend, and as i said we've been together two years. He's starting up a business and im trying my very hardest to support him, but he points out that im not doing a good job of it sometimes. I sound down to him and i just say im tired because what could i possibly say, that i think im crazy? I don't even know how to explain how i feel to him ever, i usually stay quiet as he asks me to say something. But maybe my mind is too off to understand what im even feeling.Going to sleep is hard too do, and waking up is even harder. If im left alone, ill sleep about 14 hours. But with work, school, and a boyfriend, i dont have that much time to sleep nowadays anyway. Sometimes i really contemplate dropping everything and hiding in my room for the rest of my life. I dont have that many friends, so only a few people would really be disappointed. I try to give as much as I can but in the end, i just feel empty.I feel like im watching my life behind a screen, like things aren't happening to me but someone i can relate to, i cant seem to realize things, they dont become real to me. Im afraid im becoming detached and pitiful. I start to cry every few minutes and then try to calm myself down, but i dont know whats wrong and i cant muster enough courage or find the right words to say to inform someone that i may not be well. I thank you for taking the time to read this, because im running out of options and hope 