My Life Story *Possible Triggers*Started by The Dreamer?, 19-01-15 04:28 PMFrom the age of Five till I was fourteen I was sexually abused by my brother. From age 8 in middle school, I was a loner because nobody in my class wanted me to hang around with them, because I wasn't accepted as part of there gang, I guess it was because I didn't swear and they did, but my parents were strict on that and I accepted that I wasn't allowed to swear until I was 18. So I spent most of the time hanging around with the newbies, as they came up to middle school, from first school; showing them around and looking after them. Then when I went to high school, life was virtually the same, I was a loner, then I found a boyfriend and we got teased all the time by others in the school. When I was 14 I told my big sister about my brother, and she told me that I had to tell mum, but I was too scared that I would get in trouble. so my sister told my mum for me and later that night they tried to catch him out, but he didn't do it every night and didn't do it that night either. My mum kept dropping hints to him and that was it, no other punishment. Mum never told my dad, she said dad would be too angry if he knew. Then we moved and I went to a new high school where I made friends and I loved school, I got picked on by others but my friends stuck up for me, so I was fine. Then I went to work Friday nights and Saturdays all day filling shelves in a super market, where I met a married man and fell head over heels in lust, all while I was finishing school. When I finished school I wanted to work with babies but there were no placements available so I went to College one day a week and worked the rest of the week at a care home, looking after the elderly, just training while I got my NVQ II, then I was removed from that home, they said It was only temporary and they didn't have a permanent job for me so I went to a training scheme till I got another placement, and got bullied there, then I was put in another care home looking after the Elderly, and the affair with the married man ended. Then I left that job and moved to Suffolk, to live with my new love I had found and we got married a year and six months after we met, and I was married to him for 15 years, he was mentally abusing me all the time, isolating me from friends and family, verbal abuse, everything that comes with being mentally abused; I got it. I tried to leave him 4 times but he reeled me back in and told me he would change and I fell for it every time. Then in 2010 I was going to have I.V.F. but just days before my 35th birthday he said our marriage was over and he wanted me out, he said I could stay till I found somewhere, but we went to see some friends on the Saturday and I was unusually quiet all day, and it was noticed but I kept saying I'm fine, on the way home as we were going fast down the road, I was going to attempt, this wasn't his fault, so I waited until I got home and then I attempted in another way, then I panicked and called the police, who sent out a paramedic, he checked me over and said I hadn't done enough to do any real damage, but he was taking me to hospital anyway because my heart was beating a bit fast. My husband followed and I don't know why because all he did was stand there and keep sighing, then he said to me, "you're stupid you are" and then left. The next morning Mum and Dad came to get me and I told my dad what my brother had done to me all those years ago, he told me to forget it, it's in the past and they took me back home to there's after we had picked up some of my clothes, dad said, "now, stop looking backwards and look to the future and keep looking to the future, don't ever look back the past is gone. Then a month later I met my now partner, he is Portuguese, and I spent a lot of time at his, then shortly after, we moved in together. I never had counselling for the way my ex-husband treated me, so I am struggling to cope and feel like my now partner is the same, when he really isn't, although he'll never treat me that way, I feel like he is because that's how my ex treated me and I don't know any different, so today I went to see a Mental Health Therapist, with my partner and she is going to get me some counselling, my partner asked how he can get me to be active without making it look like he was abusing me, because at the moment I have no motivation to do anything at all, and it feels like my life is slipping into a deep hole.I have edited the title of the post to warn members that there could be triggers as per Dwd rules - Angie