What Exactly Am I Suffering FromÊ  sloth ,Ê28 Apr 2015I started reading about derealization and depersonalization lately but I am not sure I understand exactly what they are and whether I have them, or if I just have generalized anxiety, or just depression, or something else altogether.ÊAbout 5 years ago around the time when my problems really got more serious, I was occasionally smoking marijuana and I would get really really stoned since I am a thin and sensitive guy. ÊI do remember sometimes I was very deep in my head and it did feel like I was watching myself and analyzing my behavior from the outside sort of. ÊIt was... interesting... while it was happening but nowadays when I look back I tend to think of it all as dark, low, lonely, and even slightly scary experiences that I do not want to ever revisit.ÊEver since then I seem to be trapped in some kind of overall smaller, narrower, darker version of life. ÊAs I have come to understand depression I have thought for a long time now that is what I have. ÊBut now I am wondering if what i have is actually depersonalization or derealization.ÊI know that when I go home where my parents live, I immediately feel more at ease and more comfortable. ÊThe surroundings are very familiar and it is like I can relax more and take a load off my back and think more expansively and normally. ÊI even feel better when eating. ÊWhen I come back to my apartment on my own in a different city, I almost immediately slip back into my current ways again. ÊIt is like I fall back into some kind of emotional prison and things become empty and dark again and I focus so much on my condition. ÊÊIt almost feels like I have been living in a less severe version of those experiences when I would smoke years ago. ÊI am completely emotionally numb 24/7, cannot even cry if I want to, Êand life definitely feels like a shadow of what it used to be or should be. ÊÊSo, what is my issue ??Baby StepsÊ  Lady Slothbottom ,Ê20 Apr 2015CBT ended last Monday. I had my Citalopram dosage halved to 10mg today. I ticked everything off of my to-do list and more, I feel happy and - although I'm still fatigued - as though I could still do plenty more this evening.ÊBeing away from home awhile and returning to Mom's cheery face as her radio-chemotherapy side effects lift, my grandparents finally appearing more relaxed and being granted a further year of finance for study has been fantastic. As everything began to fall apart, now they seem to be on the up. Sure, that doesn't guarantee things with Mom or with University will be the same as they used to be, but it feels like I'm being given a second chance lately; that our whole family is being given a second chance.ÊThings are on the up, and it's just as important to note these moments as it is those in which you feel completely lost in the dense fog of depression.ÊLet's see how long this lasts. Every equilibrium is followed by conflict, followed by a resolution, followed by equilibrium, right? Or so my Media Studies tutor described. Let's see what life throws our way next.ÊWe're dealing with it pretty damn well.