I've been diagnosed with depression when i was 15 I am now 35. I was hospitalised for while in my teens.I suppose I learnt to live with it.  On and off different medication.  Mu mum was my rock and could usually tell if I was slipping before me and would drag me to the doctors.  I think she became a bit of a depression expert.So have I really - if i had a pound for every drug, psychological treatment or self help book I have read I would be very rich. (I'm not)I have also self medicated somewhat.The 15th of October 2010 my mum died.  She left me and my eleven year old daughter. I had no brothers and sisters, no aunts and uncles, my dad was married to another woman and wasn't really interested. Her mum, my nan, was still alive.  I did my best to visit her in her home but she was so consumed with grief it made mine worse.  She died shortly after.That left just me and my daughter.  since then every day has no point.  Every sucess doesnt mean what it used to.  I need her all the time.  What promted me to write was today, I was off sick from work and I woke to one of my bad knees (been bad since I was 15 but not too much of a problem) had swollen up and was agony.  I couldn't walk.I was supposed to be popping to a prom dress hire shop with my daughter - there was no way i could drive.  Guilt for letting her down.  I called my partner to take me to a&e.  They think a bit of ligament has broken off and is causing the pain.  clinic appointment for 2 weeks time and some crutches.I live on the THIRD floor with no lift.  i cant drive.  Tomorrow I am alone.  I was off work as I was depressed and i was coming off citalapram 40mg and going on to sertraline 100mg.  My mum died when I was 30.  I am 35.  I want my mum to come look after me.  she was my best friend and would always come to hospital appointments, or whatever I needed.My friends are at work. I am so depressed at the moment the thought of work terrifys me.  I cannot do life with depression and without my mum. I honestly cannot do it anymore - what am I going to do - I want some proper help - something that will work!!The last 5 years have been hell - I have been through a divorce. 2 home moves. a job change, a relationship break up that resulted in being thrown out and loosing 2 cats and a horse, my daughter having an eating disorder even though she is so beautiful and a size 8, fallen out with my best friend and no longer will her kids talk to me and they are like my own.All i want is someone to take it all away.  or take me away.  What I would give for 5 weeks in the Priory. But no money. My partners at uni and i work for the NHS which unless you're above a doctor (I'm not) then you earn next to nothing.I just tried to speak to my partner as he went to bed, (no point me going I wont be able to sleep) I said 'I really think I am very close to having a total breakdown and i need my mum'  as usual he said 'it'll be alright'.  Can do the practical stuff but cannot help me with my mind.So instead of crying (although I am) I wrote this.