  Ugh where to start  polkadot, 1 Week AgoSo I'm a senior in college and I'm graduating in about two weeks (hopefully I'll get back to that later).I feel like I should be happy that I've come this far and should be looking forward to everything life has to offer outside of school. But I've never felt more distressed/uncertain/mildly depressed in my life. Let me back track a bit, I've always been a bit on the shy/introverted side but in high school I had a good group of friends and was generally, pretty happy. Sure I had my typical teenage moodiness but I was never really depressed or anything. So the summer before my freshman year of college I got into a relationship with one of my good friends that I had been crushing on for a while. I was really happy and all but I was also going to a college 3 hours away from home and my then-boyfriend was staying in town to go to community college. I didn't necessarily mind at the time, I thought our relationship could handle it and that I'd be fine. Boy was I wrong. I had the worst/most difficult time ever trying to transition into the college environment, mostly, I had a really hard time forcing myself to get out there and make friends. I was so overwhelmed by being surrounded by so many people I didn't know and not having any friends coming to this new university with me only made it worse. I sort of tried to commit myself to a few organizations and tried to find friends in my classes but I let my shyness/nostalgia for my high school friends get the better of me and I just gave up and when I wasn't in class I retreated back to my room to watch netflix and skype/call my long-distance boyfriend. I guess I thought I'd be ok with just talking to him all the time and not forcing myself to get out there and get involved.So sophomore year rolls around and I befriend a few of my roomies but I still mostly depended on my long-distance boyfriend for social interaction and fulfillment. I guess I still didn't realize the ramifications of doing this at the time and had a decent year, I suppose, I made all A's and B's. Then the summer before junior year comes around and I enrolled in a summer school course at my local community college. It was going well and all until I met this guy that asked for my number at the end of the course. I didn't see the harm in making a new friend, even though I wasn't stupid I knew where this could lead to. So we hung out for a little bit, and lo and behold, we went back to his place where I ended up cheating on my then-bf with him. I even feel terrible admitting it on this forum, I never thought I'd be the one who would cheat in a relationship. Well I broke it off with this guy pretty quickly afterwards and still hung onto my relationship with my boyfriend even though I felt terrible about what I had done. Unfortunately one day when I was with him I realized I was no longer attracted to him and knew I would have to break up with him at some point but just couldn't bring myself to break my best friend's heart and I let our relationship drag on for another 6-7 months.So then junior year comes along, I apply for a job on campus and get to meet and interact with some other student coworkers of mine and asides from my relationship troubles, was relatively happy? Unfortunately I got a pretty big unrequited crush on one of my coworkers and even though I knew this was really the big sign that I really needed to break things off with my boyfriend I still couldn't bring myself to do it. It's also around this time that I realized it was really pathetic of me to not have made more friends in college but I shrugged it off I suppose. So around February-March I finally tell my boyfriend over text (terrible way to break things off I know) that we needed to break up. I suppose I just couldn't handle telling it to his face whenever we got the rare chance to see each other and felt doing it this way was the best. He must have seen it coming since our conversations had run pretty dull and uninteresting at this point, but I could tell he was still heart broken. I told him I still wanted to be friends with him and everything but I suppose that is hard to do when you've been in a two year relationship with someone. Anyway, so I'm feeling pretty shitty at this point, I broke up with my best friend and broke his heart, my grades aren't doing so well, and I'm realizing just how dumb I've been to place almost all my social dependency onto a long-distance relationship instead of branching out to meet new people and make friends here in college. Nonetheless, I still get stupidly excited about my crush on my coworker and decide to try and tell him I have a crush on him. Needless to say, it didn't go well and he very subtly turned me down, which as you can imagine made things really awkward at work. Well now I just feel like complete shit by this point. At one of my lowest points I awkwardly took a coworker (not the same guy) aside and asked him face-to-face if he thought I was attractive or not. I don't need to reiterate how incredibly awkward and uncalled for that was on my part and apologized for it the next day but I just feel terrible at this point. However, at the end of my junior year a guy from one of my classes asks me out on a date and I excited again. So by the end of my junior year I'm feeling pretty alright and this last past summer I even got to study abroad in Austria and it was incredible. I made new friends and got to explore a different country and it was the last time I really felt happy and content with my life.Then senior year rolls around and I'm excited to go back because hey, this cute guy that asked me out will still be in school too. So we hang out the day I move in and by the end of the night I go ahead and ask him if he wants to be my boyfriend. He didn't agree to right away but about a week later said sure. So we were together for about two months and I was pretty happy and content, I had just come back from an incredible experience in Austria and had a new boyfriend, and I was a senior, things seemed to be going good? Unfortunately, we were only together for about two months before he decided to end it stating that we were just too different personality-wise and simply weren't made for each other. He topped it off by saying that he liked me but just wasn't in love with me. Ouch. I've never had anyone tell me to my face that they just didn't love me. I try to tell myself that it'll be alright and that I'll be fine and that this happens to everyone but I pretty quickly realized that it still hurt like hell. Of course, this isn't made any easier by the fact that I only really had one other friend with me at college so I didn't exactly have a great support system to lean on (I made a few friends with me in Austria but I don't exactly get to see them that often since everyone is pretty busy). So needless to say, I'm feeling pretty depressed at this point, not only did the break up hurt it also again reiterated just how pathetic I've been in college with regards to not expanding my social circle and isolating myself. The thing is I'm not anti-social I enjoy being around friends, I've just always had a harder time opening up to people and making friends I guess. So anyway, my most recent ex graduated this past December and my one close friend moved away so I've been left with almost no one to hang out with my last semester. Super depressing huh? Oh and I also just got in my first car wreck about a month ago to top everything off.I just hate how fucked up I've been in college, no I never partied hard and got alcohol related injuries or got knocked up or anything but I still feel utterly pathetic and shitty. I feel like I let these past 4 years slip by me, your college years are supposed to be the "best years of your life" but thanks to my stubbornness in opening up to new people and letting my shyness get the better of me I've hated my time in college. I know I have no one to blame but myself but I'm honestly terrified of graduating and going into the real world. Isn't it even harder to make friends in the real, working world? I don't exactly want to move back in with my parents but at the same time, I feel like I have no one to move into an apartment with. I'm interested in moving to a new city nearby and might just get a studio for myself but I'm terrified of feeling even more lonely than now if I do that. My rationing is that moving to a new city will force me to get out and make new friends but what if I just retreat to my old ways and isolate myself? I've been seeing a counselor here at school to help me with this depression and my issues but she hasn't really been that much of a help to be honest, sure she's nice to talk to but she doesn't give much advice or direction. Oh well. I'm also graduating with a degree in history which isn't exactly something employers are dying to hire so that's been adding to the stress of post-grad life.I don't know this has been a long rant but I'm just scared of these continuing feelings of uselessness and frustration with myself and I'm scared of my future. What if I continue to feel lonely and isolated even if I do move to a new city for a fresh start? I just want to be happy and content again but I'm having a hard time convincing myself that I will be.