My situation *Triggers*Started by GivenUpGhost?, 12-02-15 02:43 PMSigh... Well I am old enough that I am pretty sick of hearing myself go through my story, but I'll give it a go.I have been signed sick since 1996. Depression, anxiety and an eating disorder, and then a back injury from a failed suicide attempt. I'm in my early 40s but except for two weeks at a Royal Mail sorting office and one day in a sausage factory I've never worked. I was able to do a degree because the polytechnic only required me to be there one or two hours a week. I left once and attempted sucide, but returned, even with my wrists bandaged up, then dropped outfor a year before going back to finish.My life briefly improved in my mid 30s. I was engaged twice, and had some writing published in magazines. The relationships failed and the editors and other presiding literary people treated me badly, so I walked away. I have written notes for a novel for seven years, never feeling able to properly start. I now feel nothing for the book ideas - there were two I kept moving between. I don't really enjoy anything anymore except eating and retreating into a childlike enjoyment of digitised superhero comics. They feel like fat-free comfort eating to me. I read one this morning and thought, That was fun. It was time passed without pain or awareness of joylessness. I had a brief flicker of a wish to script comics for a living, but that passed. I'd be disgusted with myself.I have recently had the ATOS assessment and fear great changes in lifestyle being forced on me, despite being assessed as sick for nineteen years. (My issues began at 14 but I was merely 'unemployed' until the pre-ATOS assessments following a few sick notes from my GP.) Last night, leaving no stone unturned I even looked on job websites, to see if there was actually anything that might be a way out - both paying well and involving activities that would make me feel something. There was nothing. I know I'd be dead within a few days of becoming trapped in a meaningless job, aside from the social impossibility of it, the social anxiety and so on. The only other possible paths involve several years of training, training I'm not well enough to sit through anyway. I like anmals, birds and insects and considered I might have some peaceful future with them but there's no practical route there for me, and my £4000 student loan is already an unpaid £11000 now so I imagine even if I were well there would be obstacles to retraining as a result of this.I would like to just be left alone but I feel the government closing in, and experience a lot of strain dealing with family, who seem to have goldfish-like memories or are insensitive or thoughtless, sometimes verbally abusive or insulting.I've considered going to a retreat I once visited, where I could conceivably spend the rest of my life, or as long as I need. But my beliefs clash with the others there, and it would be impossible. I foresee ending up homeless this year if the DWP cut or stop my money. I cannot attend training or work and am adamant that I will refuse both regardless of consequences. My social anxiety and the awareness that the training cannot give me anything suited to my life make the refusal necessary. I foresee either being homeless and dying on the street of cold and hunger or opening my veins if the DWP put homelessness in motion. I will not ask for our local Tory MP's help, though I've recently read of one successfully stepping in. To be left alone in a mere bedsit with my tiny benefits seems a small wish but is seemingly a big ask to the government.cont...