Êi had an ideaI had an idea before I started to type this called the authoritarian in my head. and I was going to explain the figure that dominates my mind, and allows for no pleasure and is in constant demand of perfection. But as soon as I started to type the words collapsed on themselves and my mind went numb. Nothing permeated the veil of consciousness and I am left with this convoluted mess of a post. All I can tell you is that I am completely unable to function. I can't read, be socially aware, watch movies, work, take photographs, write, socialize. Without the *** hat telling me of my faults, of my incompetence, of my worthlessness. I know that this is what depression is, but there are is also truth amongst the madness. Truths of my lack of competence, truths of my limited intellect, truths of my few capabilities. These are all truths from which I cannot cope. I cannot cope with anything really. My mind just diverted itself into the awful black pit. This seems to be all that can escape anymore. I feel as though I just wasted your time and mine.....ElusiveI took a neuropsych test today and found out that I am below average on everything they tested for except for word pronunciation. The guy running my test thinks that it the results are showing what my mind is like during depression and that everything may become a little easier as soon as I can get a handle on it. I'm inclined to believe him. I also believe the medications I am on are not benefiting me. Seroquel was a nightmare. and Lithium is becoming one. I have a splitting headache, nausea and unrelenting depression. Somehow these factors don't bring any consolation to me and seem to drive me further and further down into the void. I seem to still think that I am somehow just a pathetic cretin that really has no use being here and that is the cause of all of this. Even as I write this I am berating myself for not writing something better. I somehow won't allow my problem to exist as it is. Anyway, I have contacted my pdoc about the symptoms and am waiting for a phone call. I wonder what else my brain will be bathed in to bring about sunshine. I am sorry for only bringing you more hopeless news. I hope you all are doing a little better than I am. If you can, have a wonderful day. If you cannot, I wish you the best. I know that it isn't much. But it is what I have.I don't know anymoreI reach for this website like a lifeline. I haven't necessarily found any reprieve in doing so, but it saves me from being overwhelmed by thoughts of suicide. Which crash into each other like molecules in a boiling pot. I reach for this website in hopes I will find something to resemble hope, something to resemble comfort. However, I realize now that I will always be a day late and a dollar short. I will be caught in this unforgiving loop indefinitely. I am in a black pit. No form of communication is helpful. I cannot seem to describe so people understand. Nor do I have the energy. This post is about all I can get out. I have so much more to say. I have so much more to write. But it will not escape past the labyrinth of neurons that have nothing better to do. Well I can't even think of anything else to say. Maybe, this, life, whatever it is, is just too much for me. I don't want to have to go through this again and yet I know I will. Sigh*