  I am i that MUCH OF A BAD PERSON THAT I CAN'T GET A BREAK IN LIFE  student12, 1 Day AgoIt seems like the happy carefree people with good hearts get all the jobs but me i don't stand a fucking chance. i mean i am i that much of a shitty human being that people don't want to hire me or think that i am not qualified for a position. I know the economy sucks and blah blah and people are struggling to find work too that i am not alone. i know all of this logically but it doesn't change the fact that i am depressed by it. Maybe its just my fate to stay in the same situation for the rest of my life. People may say that they understand what i am going though but do they really? And i can't be sad around my parents they will judge me if i do. so i don't know whether to live or die anymore. i am trying to hold on but its getting harder and harder by the minute. I was volunteering but now i am just home again having these shitty ass thoughts in my head because i have too much time on my hands. and i am tired of volunteering for someone because i been doing it all my life since college. i mean when will i ever be worth it enough to be hired and make a living or maybe its meant for me to be useless. don't know what to do i am just tired and its like am trapped in a modern day feminine mystique like Betty Friedan have written about in the 1960's. i am surprised that i haven't begin to pop pills yet.. Feeling misunderstood and ALone  student12, 2  Lately is like people take whatever i say out of context. I go in fan forums and trying to be funny and people take it as being hurtful and bashing. but you know i am done with posting in those too. I feel like either people ignore me or take my words out of context. its like i don't have a voice anymore and i am fed up with it. because its best if i just isolate myself from people then they wont find any fault with what i say or do. The only thing i have going for me is my reading. maybe i just stick to reading and not worry about fitting in with people on these fan forums because they will never understand where i am coming from anyway. i will always be an outcast no matter how hard i try to fit in. 

 on the verge of suicide  student12, 2  i dont know why i keep on going on this forums and all people do is hurt me. i am wrong for saying one thing and they keep on going against me. so i left for good. i am crying and maybe i should just kill myself because then people wont see what i have to say because i will be dead. of course those mean people online wont care though. i am tired of trying anyway i tried and tried am i still get hurt. maybe i should just die and it will go away. all of it.  i am crying because am hurting. i am dont want to hurt anymore. i want a way out now.

  Feeling like CRAP AGAIN  student12, 1 Week Ago 123i CAME BACK FROM a job interview and i thought that i did good for the most part. the interviewers seems to be happy with my responses. and i even showed some enthusiasm and was myself. but i got the same song and dance " we have other candidates to interview and we will call you to let you know. but from my other experiences that is not the case. THEY NEVER CALL ME BACK. but whatever if i cant get this job then i may as well throw in the towels because i will just be screwed. this was near be geographically too its always seems like its hard for me to get a job close by. I have to go far out to get a job. am out of luck because i don't have a license or a car and don't know when i will ever get them. i am so depressed again and people don't seems to understand. i don't know how to feel anymore on always on a losing streak. I am at the point where am just tired mentally of trying anymore. maybe i am better off somewhere where i don't have to worry about being hurt or rejected. Maybe i am just too fat ugly and stupid to work with kids. 

  I am Feeling like a used up toy  student12, 5  its seems like online and offline people without jobs start out talking and wanting to be friends with me. They were talking to me because we were in the same boat. now they get jobs and its seems like i am no use to them anymore. its okay through am used to feeling like nothing. i guess now i am not working and they are that i am just a piece of shit to them. but its fine who needs them anyway. At least my lil brother doesn't change on me like people do both online and offline. its no wonder that i cant trust people now. folks are just so fickle their your friends next day and the next they act like they don't know who you are. 


