Todays Depression Trigger & Why I Hate Hgtv   mikeb6901 , 21 Apr 2015First a little background...My wife and I have been married for 14 years (in June) & have three children.  A few years back we were screwed out of our living situation be forces beyond our control.  With the help of my sister giving us a place to live for a few months we were able to save little bit until we found a new home.  We luckily found one in our price range in our current town.  It was a beaten up two bedroom, one bath Cape style home.  It needed a ton of work on the outside but figured we could get it done over time.  Not to mention having 3 kids in a two bedroom would eventually not work.   Unfortunately when we moved in we discovered the problems were worse than we thought.  There was a massive rodent infestation.  Chipmunks owned the basement, mice owned the first floor & squirrels owned the top floor.  Sounds great right!  Just what you want to discover about your new home. All the money we had saved to fix the crumbling foundation, leaking roof, siding, a rock walll that is crumbling etc., now had to go to the inside of the house  So we spent our savings gutting pretty much everything.  At that point we discovered the electrical was not up to code & neither was plumbing....faaaantastic!!  Making a long story short, we brought everything up to code, finished what we could plus new flooring & decided we had to leave the outside for a time when we could afford it.  (by the way, only to find out recently that the flooring we used was the one shown on 60 minutes for having unsafe levels of formaldehyde :P)  The time has come for us to try and add on a bedroom, maybe make out living room a bit bigger & maybe a 1/2 bath.  Financially there is no way we can afford it.  Our credit is excellent yet we can't get a big enough loan due to the lack of equity we have in the home.  We've gotten estimates & find it will cost between $150-$175k to do all that we need, fixing the foundation & new roof being the biggest costs..  We live paycheck to paycheck like most people do & only have about $25k in debt between credit cards & my car loan.  My "new" car is a 2005 Explorer that needs a ton of work & my wife drives a 2003 Dodge Grand Caravan that is falling apart.  Now, on to todays depression:I'm watching HDTV this morning.  One of the shows is that Love it or List it, where people can fix up their own home & stay or sell theirs & go buy something new.  I watched about 3 episodes of this & really felt my self worth just crumble.  The last couple I saw really hit me hardest.  They spent $200k to fix their home and STILL chose to go buy something new....at the price of $1.1mil.  The cost of their update was almost as much as my whole house!  And they STILL weren't satisfied!!  It just made me feel so sick.  All the episodes were of  $750-$1mil homes & I can't even afford to make my $259k shack safe for my family. Everything feels so unattainable.  We work so hard for everything & are so grateful for what we have.  I see us needing, not wanting, but needing these things to be fixed.  Only to turn on the tv & hear people complain that it's only five bedrooms & there's no Nanny Suite!  FFS really!?!?  How out of touch with reality can you be?!?!  Your Master Bath is bigger than my whole damn upstairs & you still aren't happy!?!?  I try to be objective & think "well they earned it & good for them".  But that's bull!  Even if I had that money I still wouldn't want a house that's more than I need or would ever use!  All I want is to give my family a nice & safe place to live but I can't...all these people want is more than anyone needs & they get it.  It's depressing me to no end today.  Where did I go wrong. Sorry for the rant everyone...I just needed to get that out.. If I get gov assistance for food, can I live off this? 