 ForwardsStarted by EmmyRed?, 06-05-15 06:26 PMForwardsThis morning I realised that it was not possible to go back to any part of the past. It wasn't a question of letting things go, but just realising that they had already gone.I think it is going to take me a while to really digest that, especially while some things from my past do seem to continue to have a strong effect on me. Even when I'm not dwelling on it myself it comes back to me in nightmares. But this seems like a significant thing to realise. The past has actually gone. It's just not there anymore.Then I went to therapy and had a good talk with my therapist about all these kinds of things. I realised I had trouble letting go of the past because I never wanted to give up on anyone or anything. From family to friends and from relationships to every situation I'd ever been in pretty much. Feeling guilt from walking away from things even when I had to walk away to survive myself. Feeling loss from when people had walked away from me. I felt that if I was to move on from these things, stop holding onto them, that it would mean I didn't care. And if I didn't care then it would mean I no longer had the values that made me who I am.But then my therapist pointed out that my values that made me who I was were not some one thing that I needed to hold onto. They were more the direction I was moving in. What I wanted and the future I could have. So I could let go of all the pain of the past without losing who I was. This is a bit of a realisation for me. I didn't know that I could do that.We talked about so many things that had hurt me, from my childhood all the way to more recently. I guess I thought that if I stopped hurting and stopped wanting to fix those things, which is kinda what you have to do to move forwards, then it would mean I didn't care. And if I didn't care then I would be a terrible person with no real love in my heart and then I wouldn't ever be able to thoroughly enjoy my future. Now I've realised that is actually back to front. Letting the past go doesn't mean giving up my values, just letting go of experiences that are already gone into the past. My values are the direction I go in. And if I don't let go of the past, then the pain will keep pulling me backwards and I won't be able to live in the now, let alone have any future. In fact, if I want to be a good person and enjoy my future, share good times with others, then I actually have to let go of the past.So this is kind of a big deal for me to realise something like this. I have so many times when I feel that I am reliving bad things that happened to me, not through choice, but because they come back to me and overwhelm me. And I don't know how long a realisation like this will take to filter down into my inner self so that could perhaps stop happening. But I'm hoping that at least knowing this in the front of my mind will help me to internalise it. Maybe make better decisions about my life.. from what stuff I decide to throw out to who I spend my time with.I don't like to give up on anyone or anything, ever. But if I don't give up on the past I will lose myself. So that is my firm resolve today. I automatically feel guilty for typing that. So I don't think it will be easy for me. But I can also already feel myself enjoying the things to come, and that feeling is getting stronger all the time at the moment so I believe it will win. And I know that I should not feel guilty. So I started a new thread to remind myself which way I'm going. And sharing it with you guys will help too.