FIRST POST - I'm struggling, what next?Hey all so this is my first post so please be patient with me.Just abit about me, I'm 24 , male , when I was 18 I was on AD's SSRI after about 8 months was okay and Êwas wheened off of them. I've struggled massively my whole life with anxiety, depression, fear of dying, fear that I am dying, panic attacks, self esteem and all the rest of it. My grandpa suffered with severe depression as does my dad who has been on ADs for about a year.I thought I had it down and managed after about 4 years off the meds but over the past 9 months it has crept back in and just festered and festered .ÊIÊwas seeing a counsellor infrequently when needed. Êbut now I'm seeing him 2 times a week, i honestly would not wish this on my worst enemy, i have never felt so detached, spacey, low, sensetive , emotional or anxious in my life . I woke up and I was angry that I woke up. After fighting this so vigorously for so long I feel like it's beaten me and I don't know how to be apart of this world or if I'll ever feel okay again, or happy. I eat really healthy, excersise everyday ( which now I've lost the drive to do and it's become a chore), I try be social as much as I can but have withdrawn a lot, I get 30 minutes of sun every day, I dance part time as an outlet, see a counsellor, told my family, see a doctor , moving out with a friend so I'm not alone, hang out with pets and animals , relaxing music and yoga when I can .. I'm really proactive about beating this but am losing hope fast. It got so bad that now I've lost my jobs . 9 days ago I Êstarted taking a relatively low does of AD that works on melatonin . But since taking it feel foggy and spacey like in a dream state, it makes me a little disorientated , I've got terrible sleep and feel like my anxiety is a lot worse which is making me more depressed. I know I'm ment to give it 2+ weeks to feel better but I can't help but doubt this pill as it seems to be making me feel worse. In all fairness the thoughts of lack of purpose and meaning have decreased slightly ? ÊMy point is I feel like I'm doing everything someone who hopes to be happy should be doing and I'm not happy. Which leaves me asking will I ever be? What next ? I feel like I'm watching a video game of my life and not actually apart of it. I feel like I am dying .ÊÊAny techniques, groups, advice , similar experience would be greatly appreiciated as I'm just at a loss now. Thanks a million