any advice welcome *triggers*Started by bicycle?, 24-04-15 08:44 PMI’m writing this because I have reached my limit and have no idea what to do. I have no job, no friends, no life at all and I am so depressed I cannot find the motivation to do anything to change it. I reached out to my family for help recently for the first time, and they were all so sad and wanted to help, so I let them, thinking it wouldn’t hurt to just try. But it hasn’t helped at all, now I just have a load of people who pity me and contact me frequently to talk about my depression which, now that I have it, I realise is not helpful at all. I have been on so many different medications, seen so many different therapists and doctors, and tried so many different diets, meditations, etc etc etc. There has been absolutely nothing that has even made the slightest bit of difference. Slowly over the last decade or so things just kept progressively getting worse, and now my anxiety is so bad I barely leave the house. I’ve lost all my friends because of my ways and there is no way of fixing any of those friendships. My job was so stressful I had to just stop working and now am completely reliant on hand outs which is equally stressful. I have spent all day lying on the sofa crying. I do this very often. Any small thing that I manage to plan, I also manage to ruin. I’m too afraid to try to kill myself, too afraid of dying and the pain yet I’m too afraid of waking up and spending another day feeling this way. All I feel is anxiety when I look out the window and see the sun shining, watching people enjoying being out in the sun with their friends and family, knowing that I will have to spend my summer watching them having fun through my window. I’m young, relatively attractive and intelligent, I have good qualifications and I can do most things I try, yet none of these things matter in the slightest when I wake up with a heavy chest, a heavy heart and tears spilling out of my eyes as soon as they open. There is something so terribly wrong with me yet there is no diagnosis or treatment to help me. I know nobody can help me but I just don’t know what else to do, other than hope somebody will say something magical that will save me because I can’t see any other way out of this...I can’t believe it’s even possible to feel this awful inside but it is and I so desperately need it to stop, please if you can think of anything that works, please tell me.