New on here, feeling like a "quarter-life crisis"... Hi all,I've been told I can't use Mid-life crisis as I cannot be classed as in the middle of my life-span. I go to counselling and I have not been diagnosed with depression. I don't know if I am depressed or just sad. It's hard to tell if it's circumstantial or not.I just want to air how I feel and see what people who don't know me think. I was brought up in a strict christian home, my dad I often refer to as a phsyco as his way of thinking is crazy (he must suffer with mental health problems but he won't get diagnosed, even if he did he wouldn't believe the doctors). Example of crazy ideas: made us use fake names whenever entering data anywhere, even say like the doctors. The reason I refer to my dad as phsyco is due to the extent of control and oppression on the entire family.Anyway, due to the way my family works, I had a couple of secret relationships before I quickly married my husband at the age of 21. I had to have 2 weddings, one for my dad and one for everyone else and it was all a stressful situation. I have so many regrets for not basically telling my dad to f*ck off sooner in my life but oh well.Having only been dating for 1 1/2 years before getting married, I did not have very much time to sort out any ups and downs and as a result I've been paying for it ever since. Also not long before we got married, I lost a friend and he lost his brother 2 weeks apart.Our first year was hell and I cried most of the way through it. This is due to grief (mostly on my husband's part), marital issues and our conflicting personalities. I have never smoked, don't drink much and don't party frequently. He was complete opposite, and although he had quit smoking a year before getting married, he started up again as soon as we got married which was hard for me (he has quit again and is trying to maintain it now). This he blamed partly on his brother's death. He also went out all the time and I used to call him crying begging him to come home but he wouldn't. I had moved down to where he lived, left my friends and family and didn't know anyone here. He knows it was wrong for him to do that and he has come a long way from that since.We are on our way to our second year soon but I am struggling so much. I'm so sick of marriage, we are so beyond the point of arguing that when we have an issue we just don't talk for as long as we can avoid it. I'm not happy, but I don't think it's his fault, I just think I will never be happy. I feel like I am going through the same identity crisis that I went through as a teen, who am I, why am I here, is this who I want to be? And generally wanting to rebel in some way or another.As long as I can remember I have had feelings of being depressed (though I don't know if the feelings were momentary due to circumstance or not), I used to say I hope I never live past 18. I used to imagine jumping out my bedroom window and I used to think about grabbing a kitchen knife. But all the times I can remember growing up feeling this way was because of my dad. And now, I feel this way because of my husband. My husband, by the way, is not a bad person at all, treats me really well and especially if I compare to my dad, I should be so thankful. But I need so much more than he can actually give me, and we have opposing needs. Where I need to be with him and him alone, he needs to be with lots of people and have "man time". We are so different and we always seem to come to this same crossroads. I feel he would be happier with someone else who is more positive, could appreciate him more, doesn't need to spend time with him, who is happy to socialise all the time.Although I appear to be an extrovert to others, I am an introvert on the inside.He just thinks I am suffering from depression, he doesn't think he would be better off with someone else. But I don't know how much more I can take of it, I'm just lonely and need quality time. He wants to go out for "man time" at the pub twice a week, but we also have other activities with people at least twice a week too. I don't know whether its the norm for married couples to have so much time dedicated to other people or not but I can't cope with it. I need someone who needs to spend time with me as much as I do with them. But I'm too afraid to leave because of loneliness, fear of regret, and fear of the unknown. And it's not that I don't love him or he doesn't love me, it's just that it makes me so unhappy and I really need his quality time, otherwise I just feel so lonely and depressed.Everytime I get that text from him asking to go to the pub (although there is no real choice there for me) I just feel sick again and default to my thoughts of divorce, then buying some tickets and leaving my life behind and disappearing to another country and then extreme as it sounds, throughts of self harm and suicide.It may be circumstantial, but I am so sick of life. I know many people would kill for a husband like mine (I know I have mentioned some of the bad things about him but there is so much goodness) and I want it to work, but I don't want him to have to change who he is as an outgoing people person for it to work. People have suggested setting aside one day just for us, but I need more than that, I don't know if that is normal.