Walked out of work, no support Yesterday I walked out of work and went straight to see my GP. I was already on my notice (decided to leave), but yesterday was the worst day in my career.I was called for a meeting - assuming they wanted to discuss handing over my responsibilities. They know about my depression. Instead I was attacked with various accusations of how I had been upsetting staff, creating bad atmosphere, being unpleasant to customers. There were some awful things said and I was totally unprepared and couldn't defend myself. It took all my strength to hold it together during the meeting. I broke down afterwards and couldn't calm down for hours.The thing is I now know I haven't been well. I did withdraw a bit and definitely lost my sparkle. But I have never ever created bad atmosphere or deliberately taken anything out on staff. I just about held it together - everyday was like playing a role.there was a lot of personal things thrown in my face and I just couldn't respond. My direct supervisor said "I'd rather you weren't here with your illness".So here it is. I walked out. Broken, patronised and undermined. I got signed off for the duration of my notice and this is it. I'm not going back.Sad thing is that my January appraisal was "outstanding performance". Then I admitted to being ill and suddenly all shifted. I'm so sad. I loved that job. It was hard to decide to leave, but I knew my job was one of the stressors that had to be removed from my life in order to get better.I haven't slept all night. I just can't turn the racing thoughts off. I'm devastated. Keep questioning myself - did I realy do that? Maybe I forgot - my memory isn't that great. I'm distracted. I have been so concious to be 'nice' with that fake smile you all know.But I feel I was made to feel like a total nutcase. There was no support offered. It all made me feel milion times worse.Sorry for the lenghty post. Yesterday for the first time in my life I felt so useless, total failure of a human being - I started to think of actually not being here. I'm scared of my thoughts.Very anxious and shakey Today is an odd day. I'm very anxious and keep shaking. The thought of going back to work on Monday is petrifying. I have a knot in my throat and tightness in my chest. Overall I finally started to feel a tiny bit better. More positive and making plans. And today I feel sick of worry and fear.I'm taking my daughter and her friend to the cinema to take my mind of my worries, but I expect the chatter in my head won't stop. I suppose I could take diazepam...Sorry for that. I don't really know what I'm expecting from leaving this post here. Today is not so good.