I have to be spontaneous....Started by rose?, 18-04-15 11:39 AMI have to be spontaneous otherwise I think too much and talk myself out of stuff.This sometimes leads to bad decisions.... i.e. the flat I bought.I have wanted, ever since I can even remember, a convertible car.I have seen one, a Mazda MX5, very cheap, lots of miles on it, old, but lovely. It would only be a summer car, it doesn't need to be very reliable or efficient or anything like that. OH is doing the whole, 'well, we can go shopping and go for a picnic, what else do you want to do today?'Its the first day off we've had together and I want his support with this.And I want to scream at him 'If I don't go and get that awesome car right now, if I feel like you don't care or approve, then I won't ing get it!!!'I could cry with frustration.Tonight ***triggers***Started by rose?, 31-01-15 10:52 PMI just want to start off by saying I am fine and safe and all that.But I had a mini-crisis this evening.I was watching that film Ted, you know the one with the talking bear, and I was becoming increasingly uncomfortable with it. I think it was cos the guy in it is a pot smoking no hoper and upsetting his girlfriend and it was effecting me (maybe reminded me of bad past relationships?).Anyway I got all ocd, paused the film and decided I had to go out to tesco right now. On the way, my 'shopping list' was growing, I am glad I didn't pick up a basket when I went in, I had more than I could carry in my hands by the end.I really wanted cigarettes but the tobacco desk was already shut.I left and I was in a right state, wringing my hands, so ashamed and angry about having OCD, I wanted to cut through my skin and punish myself.I finally found somewhere that was open and got myself some cigarettes (by the way I don't smoke) then I just drove and drove, my head literally would not shut up, I was scared all the way, thought I'd get crashed into or shot or something, I don't know, I was freaking out.I got this thought: 'Nothing is good in my life'.Its stronger than a thought, its like a voice. There it was. This comes when things are bad for me.I drove for about 45 minutes, crying and worrying, hating myself, my stomach tight with stress.I am home now, took my pills , run myself a bath. I'd have a valium but I have to go to my family lunch thing tomorrow so I need to be in a fit state, not sure how it'll effect me as not had one before. Opted for a small whiskey instead.I am ok but I don't know what the  is going on with meCoping with a new phase *some triggers*Started by rose?, 01-01-15 08:55 PMAs some of you will know from my other threads, I have a condition called Intracranial Hypertension. It is a condition where the fluid around the brain and in the spinal cord rises in pressure. There are a few reasons why this can happen, and its a serious condition. It causes headaches, noise in the ears, extreme tiredness and weakness, dizziness and problems with eyesight. If left untreated it can cause vision loss.I was diagnosed 3.5 years ago and it took until a few months ago to be classed as fully in remission. This is done by a few tests, one of which is checking if the optic discs are swollen, which they finally were not.About 3 weeks ago the symptoms came back and I had it confirmed yesterday that my optic discs are swollen again and I have been given an appointment with a neurologist next week.So, that's all the facts.The truth is that since I got the news yesterday I have been in a bit of a state. I haven't had any interest in going out or doing things and immediately retreated from all friends and family, sending happy new year texts and not telling the truth about what was going on. I watched the fireworks last night with tears in my eyes. I feel like an absolute failure, I feel like I am letting everyone down, that I cannot have a drama-free life and constantly have issues. Because the condition causes extreme tiredness, I can sleep all day and I cannot tell what's the illness or the MH illness causing me to stay in bed. Maybe the two are connected, maybe my medication caused it, maybe I shouldn't have spent hours on excel reports for work (the first time I noticed the noise in my ears)... so many questions and so much blame. Of course I blame myself.Today I ate hardly anything. One recommended course of action is to lose weight and regardless of what weight I am, I will be told to do this. So, now I am not eating and drinking (I had a proper dinner and a drink though), I feel like I should punish my body for its inability to stay well. I regret and despise almost every mouthful of food.Its very likely I will not go to my new job. As it is, I cannot start on my planned start date, as I will be at the hospital on my second day. I feel like I am letting my boyfriend down and myself and all my family, by insisting that my health comes first. I do not think starting a new 40-hr-per-week job a week after finding out I have this condition (again) is a good idea at all. I think people will think I am weak, I feel weak.I am taking this very hard.Sorry for the long post, I feel like I haven't really explained this well. I think I just need some sympathetic words for how unfair and unjust this is to happen now when I was doing so well.Thanks for reading.Pushy peopleStarted by rose?, 12-03-15 03:23 PMSomething I am really bad at is dealing with pushy people. The pushier people are, the more I back off. I am pretty much hiding from the recruitment consultant right now. I gave him my answer about the job offer and now he is trying to get me to commit to taking the role IF they offer me more money. If they could have offered me what I wanted (the MINIMUM I wanted) all along, then they should have done that from the start. I feel worried that if I say yes, he will go back and push this guy into offering me more money. That's so embarrassing. Now I feel like I will turn the job down altogether, regardless of salary, because I don't want to deal with this pushy guy and I don't want him to be pushy with other people.Its really stressing me out.