To tell or not to tell? Level of openness regarding your mental illnessI have been an unofficial member of the M.I. club (sounds much cooler like that huh....) since I was a teenager so basically half my life, officially diagnosed with depression and anxiety just over 2 years ago, commenced treatment 5 weeks ago (been on meds just over 4 weeks and have had 1 session with a psych so far).  Just wanted to make sure everyone knew my back story before I ask my question!I just wanted to gauge how open others have been regarding their mental illness?  Thus far I have only told my partner, my best friend, 1 trusted friend, and my brother-in law and his wife.I just feel like I'm keeping this big secret from everyone else and wonder if it might improve my relationships if I tell them.  I don't live in the same country as my family so it's very easy just to omit details, to not mention when I am feeling all sorts of bad.  I generally get around this by not calling them unless I'm feeling half stable.  At times this means weeks or months on end without speaking to my parents.  I haven't seen my mum in years. I am however visiting them in a few weeks so I'm mulling over if I should tell them or not, and if so how detailed I want to be.  I also am not sure if I should/could/want to tell them about my partners recent suicide attempt.  I just wonder if part of this weight on my shoulders is relating to not letting my loved ones in on the 'true' me.  They know only a filtered version of myself and my life! IE they view my life as if through Instagram :)  and I'm sure most of you have seen those 'life in instagram VS life in reality' posts... that's what I feel like, a bit of a fraud.I know none of you can tell me what to do and what worked for you won't necessarily work for me - but I just wanted to know what your own experiences had been regarding telling family, friends, bosses, colleagues etc.  Did you feel better?  Did it improve your relationships?  Did you feel they understood better and helped them understand why you act certain ways?  Or did it completely backfire and they treated you differently in a bad way!Did you go out of your way to tell people?  Or did you just tell them when they asked?  Or is/was this a private battle to be fought only with your chosen few let in on the full story?Share away please I am all ears! :)  I also intend on discussing this train of thought with my psych next week but thoughts from you guys would be much appreciated.BK