I Have A Phobia Of People Seeing My Body   Lucerne , Today, 10:11 AMI'm usually reluctant to say I have a phobia for X or Y because a phobia is more extreme than just a little niggling fear.  This phobia didn't affect my life that much in the past weirdly. I'd say it started to affect my life from about 7 years onwards. My family were never weird about my body, they didn't say nasty stuff or comment on it, it was just something in my mind that became transfixed on certain parts of my body. I would be extremely anxious at the idea of somebody seeing my shoulders for instance, because at the age of 7 I was convinced I was sexualising myself, silly right? My actual thought process was "I'm making myself look sexy, I can't do it!" By the time I was 11 years old my legs were covered always. For very brief moments in my life from between 10-14 I occasionally wore pants that cut off just below the knee, I at one point started wearing skirts for school (uniform) that stopped just above the knee, but that lasted a few days before going back to black school pants. By the time I was 13 I was wearing mesh gloves attached to a t-shirt styled jacket (I was a little into the alternative clothes) so there was only a small portion of my upper arms visible before the gloves covered my skin. This became so common that I was known for my gloves, I wore them in class, I wore them going to the shop, it was my identity and I never took them off until I was in the house.  The fear went as far as to my chest, I wear t-shirts, I am unable to show my chest when going out, I simply cannot get over it. It has been years since anybody has seen my legs, I get anxious at simply showing my ankles, leaving me to wear ankle boots or shoes with a high back and front. I struggle to even show my arms off and it can take me several minutes of intense internal debate to take my jacket off, and that's if I'm sitting in classroom or a waiting room, outside in the street is impossible.I still am unable to show my shoulders, only a few relatives have seen my shoulders in rare encounters such as getting out of the shower/bath, or momentarily taking my jacket off to wash dishes, that kind of thing. I'll be perfectly honest, I'm on the overweight side, increasing my anxiety on it, though I've had this anxiety back when I was thin. I have stretchmarks from gaining and losing weight dramatically as well as hitting a growth spurt. I am literally covered in them. I have intense scarring on my arms, legs, chest and shoulders through self injury. It's quite obvious that it's self injury too and it starts from my hand to my elbow, and begins again near my shoulder. I know this makes the fear much worse, it's the main reason I struggle these days, it's the worry of people seeing them, even though its' unlikely to be commented on. Oh, and I also have PCOS causing excessive hair growth, though if anybody where to look at my body, I could just shave or wax, it's mostly the scars that bother me, the stretchmarks don't even get me that down, even the weight doesn't as much, the scars have affected this fear more dramatically than anything else. It didn't bother me much growing up because nobody was really going to see a lot of my body, I didn't do sports so never had to change in front of people, in college I change privately, in the shower or bath I don't look at myself and keep the door barricaded. But now I'm 17 and what worries me is, how am I even going to be able to kiss somebody when taking my jacket off in front of people causes a panic attack, and the idea of a guy seeing the scars on the rest of my body, or simply touching my bare shoulder sends me into an intense anxiety episode. This fear is so bad that I am very particular on my clothes, and nobody in my family is able to see most parts of my body. Dating is not going to work with this kind of fear, if I can't even let my family see parts of my body without at least feeling anxious, how can I cope with a guy I've been going out with for a couple of dates?  Any suggestions on how to combat this anxiety? I'll just write a quick little recap, the parts of my body that are a no no are my ankles, legs, shoulders, stomach, chest (even upper chest). I can cope showing my arms for brief moments like in a classroom or in a waiting room, but it's hard for me. 


When There Isn't Anything Keeping You Here Anymore, What Then?   Lucerne , 03 May 2015I've always considered myself to be a really good neighbour, no loud music on all day and night, no shouting and no banging things around (at least at an ungodly hour). However today I have a glam rock music blasting so loud there is a possibility they may be able to hear, but I'm not that bothered, they play a mixture of rap and pop music way louder than this, so they can handle rock music for an hour or so. Have you ever felt so guilty at the possibility of ending your life, it's become your sole reason not to do it? I've felt so guilty at the bare notion of leaving my family to deal with what I've left behind I've spent hours wanting to scream from the depression. Instead, I swallow painkillers to toxic levels, self harm so severely I'm lucky to not desperately need stitches all under my t-shirt and pants.  Why do I stay? I wonder about the games I'll never get to play, will George r.r Martin ever finish that book series? Will the game The Last Of Us actually be made into a movie? Will Telltale release another Walking Dead game? I'm sitting around each day trying to survive to wait for a chance of having some new entertainment that will keep me occupied from anything from 1 hour to 30 hours, and i'll go away, and I'll latch onto something new that may be years away. I wait and wait, convincing myself that there is something I need to experience or see before everything ends. Naturally being rather curious this keeps me going when my hatred for my family becomes so overwhelming guilt doesn't even penetrate. I stay out of love for my family and throughout that I resent them all, mostly because they make no effort to talk to me, no effort to see me, they don't want to ever see me, talk to me, do anything with me. The simple act of being in the same room of them seems to repulse a few members of my family, instead I'm the freak who sits upstairs unseen, kept around because of promises and because they have as an obligation as family, I'm just a guilt trip to them. The family who live with me now can't wait to throw me out at 18 and rid their hands of me because in their eyes, they filled out their obligations as family and promises they made. I stick around for family who don't want me in their life, they just want me alive so they don't have to feel bad.  Get out, I'm going, goodbye, no.... I hear all this stuff all the time, my mother always claims she needs to get her bath so she can get off the phone with me, but over half the time she never answers the phone or gets in touch. My sister is the exact same, the rest of my family are similar. I have no friends, I don't date for obvious reasons. I sit around wondering when I'll finally hate those around me so much I'll consider dong it as an act of vengeance, because all I feel now is bitterness. Yet despite all this, I can't blame them for who I am, for what I am, for what I was, and what I will be. I made my decisions, I have to live with it, can I really blame them for seeing me as I am?  I don't even know how I'm going to get through the next hour, can I honestly say that's how bad I feel today? That's how rejected I feel by everybody, the people I worshiped, the people who saved me, the people who spewed sh1t about how much they loved me, then threw me out like garbage and pretended all was well. Am I fighting for my life now, am I supposed to fight for myself and say screw them? What about if I don't want to live and never felt the pain was worth it, what then?