ÊThe Path of Thoth. ÊThoth,Ê15-10-14Ê123...8For years I have lived with no roots, and when I developed some... I poisoned the plant and start anew.I was born in Nassau, The Bahamas. However I only lived there for two years before my mother moved back to the United Kingdom. Two years after in the UK, we moved to Malaysia for my father's business. We lived in Kuala Lumpur for ten years. This is what I believe is my home. I went to a prestigious school there, where some very rich and well-to-do Malaysians went to.ÊTo give you an idea how bizarre the life in Malaysia, and yet it was the world view that I grew up with as a child. All my friends in Primary and Secondary school had 2 maids, a chauffeur, and there were only two brands of cars that came to school carpark: Mercedes-Benz and BMW. Both of these cars had a 400% import tariff tax. But this was what I grew up accustomed to.Then 10 years down the track, I was in secondary, I had AAA grades, but I was diagnosed as Asperger's and have depression, so they put me on Zoloft. I think it was the fact we could no longer extend our visas, and we were moving to Australia. Australia was a different lifestyle and something new. I liked the life and friends I had in Malaysian. Although one of the main reasons for the move was because I had become Keratoconic, and my natural eyesight deteriorated; in the space of 9 months I went from not needing glasses to being technically blind in my left eye. Healthcare was good to a certain extent, the basics were cheap and available 24/7 on demand. However technical healthcare was dodgy.ÊWe moved to Australia, and my grades began to dive, my depression got worse. I would lock myself in the closet for 3+ hours and cry to myself, because I wasn't happy and felt cut off. I didn't make any friends, and we moved to a rural town in Australia - so I was seen as something as a quixotic specimen at school. I got bad advice from teachers what courses to do, they thought I was going to fail English so they made me do these certain units that prevented from me getting into University.In the end I graduated, and spent the next two and a half years at college inorder to get the grades needed to get into university. Those two and half years sucked, I had no friends, no social life. there were only two things in my life, school and work. For the next 6 years this would continue to remain. I struggled to meet people at college and make friends, and the ones i did weren't interested.I finally got into university but I began to struggle and my depression got worse I sometimes would remain in bed for a few days at a time. Also my parents didn't want me to move out of the house so I had a 3 hour commute to university and that didn't exactly help for my grades. in 2011, it turns out I have anxiety issues. I got so overwhelmed and inundated by the concept of university I didn't want to go to the campus. I think it was because it had an ominous feeling...ÊAnd of course I've done so many courses from 2010 to now I've done 1 DBT, 3 CBT, and 1 Psychoanalytic behaviour courses. The CBTs made me suicidal. and I have attempted more then once to go that route. I have visible hypertrophic scars from the self-harm. Suicidal ideation is something I deal with on a day-to-day basis and the reason I don't have the volition to act upon it is because I lack the conviction that I use to have back in 2011-2013.So here I am a fairly cerebral individual that has strong interests in politics, theology, economics. I have no friends, I had a girlfriend once for 4 days, that was a freak accident in 2009. However I live with suicidal thoughts, and a constant blunted affect on emotions. I haven't cried in 3 years, even when I felt like crying I couldn't...This is my brief history in a nutshell... I'm on...* Lithium Carbonate* Zyprexa* Valdoxan* Lumin