Tired of being tiredNope, not tired of being admired (for all you Blazing Saddles fans out there)I broke down and told the doc I was suffering from depression and subsequently referred to a psychHe sent me to a guy who appears to be hard of hearing. It is hard to bare your soul when you tell someone something you have told no one else before and he asks you to repeat it ... twiceMy voice is breaking and it is hard to speak and I get "what was that?"Did he want me to effing scream out my problems? It is hard enough speaking about them, let alone loud enough for people in the waiting room to hearAnd then I get a temp job so I cannot even go. I had to drop my appointment with the urologist (nothing to worry about, according to the internal specialist who referred me, who was more concerned about a 0.5 mm kidney stone that isn't blocking anything. According to my research, a complicated, septated cyst (from actual medical report) on the kidney accompanied by fatigue and pain is a roughly 25-50% chance of cancer. To top it off, I have never had a doctor talk down to me like this one)I am on a deadline at the temp job, if I don't go in, I don't get paid and every single frickin' appointment is at noon. With the distance from work to doctor and back, that pretty much wipes out my day. Workload and pay-wiseI am stressed but, oddly, not as depressed as usual. I don't think there is enough room in my psyche. Honestly, I know the answer.




Well, here we areAnd here we stand for we can do naught elseI feel no joy in anythingI am putting off going to the doctors for the 'thing' on my kidney because, honestly, I hope it is cancerThat way I can die and not eff up a suicide (I wouldn't even do that right)I never realized how much of me was my friend who died last year. We were friends for a long time, had very similar hobbies and a good chunk of that was bouncing our opinions off each other on themRight now I am either destroying or selling my possessions because I don't feel anything for them. I used to read the comic Walking Dead because I would shoot the **** over it with my friend and now... it means nothingI don't make friends easy (well, duh, everyone says) and I cannot find someone like him. Why did you die? You weren't old, you didn't deserve itYou mattered to a lot of people. Especially me.
