Need some quick adviceHi, I am in need of some advice mostly pertaining to my situation with my girlfriend.Background information:I'm a 25 y/o male. I have been struggling with severe depression all of my life. I've been to many therapists, counselors, meetings, groups, clinics and hospitals. I've taken many different meds for it. I have other issues as well, like OCD, I'm extremely shy, I'm picky, I have tons of allergies to just about everything...I could go on. Overall, my therapists and pdocs tell me I have "treatment resistant" depression, and that I should look into getting shock therapy or ECT. I would like to avoid that route, as I have read about people requiring 30 sessions just to tell any difference, plus, I'm not rich and my deductible this year is $5,000, which I don't have since I can't even pay my own bills. Anyways, last year, I found my girlfriend, and I love her, even though we both have depression and ups and downs all the time. She's overweight, and has polycystic ovarian syndrome.Problem:ÊI am not really feeling that intimate with my girlfriend anymore. Granted, I work really crappy hours 6am-2pm, so I have to go to sleep earlier than most people (8 or 9pm), however, my girlfriend recently lost her job and she still will never lay down with me when I go to sleep (let alone sex). I just need advice on what I should do. I have tried to tell her, but she just keeps saying nobody her age goes to sleep that early, which I fully understand, but she doesn't even have a job right now and she can't just lay down with me once in a while? I don't understand. Help please!It's not the work, it's the people!Well, a bunch of my employees ganged up on me. Got together and emailed my boss all the "awful" things I do as a supervisor. Wow. I usually get along well with them. I'm funny, I converse well. I consider myself pretty normal, except for my anxiety. But they can be so cruel. I try hard to be a good, supportive boss. I work hard and help them out. It's painful to me that they would do this. The negative thing about me is that I get flustered when a lot is happening at once. I will typically set a stack of papers down hard or do a deep sigh or eye roll when I get this way. I have a low tolerance for frustration. I guess that makes me a bad person. I can't help it. I've tried for years. If my employee sees me do these things I apologize and tell them there is some stress. I know it's not the greatest response, these paper-slamming episodes.ÊShould I step down from this supervising position? I've been doing it for 10 years. This is the second episode of problems with the group. Last time was similar.ÊI'm so depressed that they would turn on me. They are not perfect either and I respect their imperfections.