A Positive Thread!   InfinateandDistant , 01 May 2014I know there are some folks here that don't want to leave their homes because of various reasons. I, on the other hand, sort of can't leave home. Don't anyone freak out. I'm not being held hostage or anything. I just don't have the means or resources to get out of the house. Most of it is due to not having the cash to go. I'll admit that I haven't always had the nice, easy-going demeanor I have now. Back in the day I was very outspoken. My mouth and language has cost me more than a few jobs and a lot of friendships.                      I don't want it to seem that I'm bragging. I have been battling the war with depression for at least 20 years. In the past 20 years I have done a lot of self prescribed medications. Drinking alcohol, liquor and smoking a lot of pan. Needless to say, those things didn't workout that well. Especially when the best 1 was illegal. But now that I'm on disability, I am on a upswing with my depression. Life hasn't been too bad since this past December.                     The only problem I'm having is my being the only 1 home for like 10 to 12 hours a day, awake, without any human communication or contact. That's 1 of the reasons I joined this forum. I read a lot of your posts and feel sympathy. I'll admit I joined for my own selfish reasons just like most of you.                     I'm starting this new thread as a positive swing in this forum. I'd like for whoever reads this to reply with something positive that personally happened to them today and everyday if they can find the time. I've learned with my depression and anxiety issues that if I try to think positive and find positive things to concentrate on, the bad doesn't seem to be as horrible or deflating. I'd like to say thank you to all of you for allowing me to join this great forum and I pray that all of you find peace.Thoughts...   InfinateandDistant , 22 Apr 2015I'd like to start this with my wishing everyone peace and happiness.       This thread is pretty much my thoughts on the world, politically, spiritually, humanly, and the ideology of the human race. With that being said, do you realize what is happening?            I'd like for you to ask yourself, 'Do I really trust the police and everything they say?' There has been studies done, numerous universities have come to the conclusion that when someone has 'power' over other humans that their mindset changes.       I'd like for you to think about who or what organization has power over the police that is supposed to protect and serve the public, innocent until proven guilty, that the police don't violate human rights.       According to the Constitution, the public, being innocent until proven guilty, have more power than the police. And if that is true, why are the people paying the ultimate price for something such as a broken tail light in South Carolina? Humans have the right to travel, no matter the means. According to the Constitution, humans have the right to travel on any public road without being detained unless asked by a peace officer for assistance, when another human has committed a crime. If there isn't a victim, there isn't a crime. Worst case scenario, the gentleman from South Carolina, should of been given a citation for a busted tail light. Keep in mind that if there isn't a victim, there isn't a crime, according to the Constitution.      What ever happened with the case in Ferguson, Missouri? That was an African American male walking down the center of a public road, supposedly or allegedly after robbing a store. The guy was walking. He couldn't have stolen that much. Was that really worth this persons life? Even with him allegedly charging the peace officer, does that give the peace officer the right to pull his service weapon and shoot? The peace officer has the right to protect himself by either moving or restraining him when he came close enough.      What is happening to human rights? Not the Constitutional rights of the American people, but the human rights of everyone on Earth. I have a lot of thoughts about everything that's happening. I know that you're suffering from depression or something close, but if we as humans, don't wake up to what's happening we're all going to be sorry. It will either cause a civil war inside the United States between the human race and the police state or we're all going to be under 'Marshall law'. To be honest, if we, the human, allow things to keep going, we're not going to have any rights, human or constitutional. I am almost 45 years old, and I'd like for you to take note of how the government has, over time, removed almost everything from public schools that have anything to do with human rights or constitutional rights. There wasn't much in public schools when I was attending. Why is it that the Government can control what is in the books, without much involvement from the public, in which are attending the schools?       All of these things are playing havoc with my mind. I can see the things happening, knowing what is happening, and can't do squat about it other than complain or rant on a depression forum. Try to have a bigger outlook than what is in your world and see the big picture please. There are things happening caused by greater powers than just happenstance. All things happen for a reason. We are all human first, before nationality, ethnic background, religion, or morals.       I'm sorry for the rant or whatever. I hope whomever reads this thread, will take heed and investigate, and then post their thoughts and feelings. If we don't stand together as humans first, we're all going to pay the ultimate price.          Love and Peace to all!                                                                                            Sincerely with love,