Feeling ill *** TRIGGERS***Started by Tallbloke40?, 20-01-15 01:11 AMDo we have any fellow emetophobes in the house? It's a fear of vomiting. And it can be pretty debilitating.I've been not feeling too well this evening. I've had two loose bowel movements (sorry for the graphic details, it is relevant to the story though). What scared me most of all though was the thought, "what if I'm sick?" And now, even though the desire to rush to the loo has diminished, I can't sleep for worrying "what if?"And here's something else my brain does. I had a good day on placement today, and I really relaxed and enjoyed myself. Yesterday I had to be involved in something that's at the sharp end of what children's social workers do, and it wasn't nice. But the team has been extremely supportive, both yesterday and today, as have my friends and husband. So I had a good day.Now my irrational brain is saying that my illness was because I relaxed. Because I dared to feel good, I'm now paying the price. It sounds ridiculous to write it down like that, but in the emotional worry and fear that goes with feeling unwell and being afraid of being sick, my brain produces that thought process. How odd.I'm not going to get much sleep tonight, at least not for a good hour or two. Although I'm starting to feel a bit hungry, which I think is a good sign. I think I'll read my book: "The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August". It's very good.Laptop nightmareStarted by Tallbloke40?, 12-01-15 09:16 PMCurrently having a laptop nightmare. I've got this browser hijack thing going on and I really don't understand laptops well enough to be able to diagnose what the problem is or how to fix it. I asked on Facebook for help and one or two of my 'friends' just took the . Quote "Boohoo my computer isn't working and now I need someone with intelligence to fix it for me".I'm now struggling with the multiple emotions of wanting to hurl the laptop through the window, wanting to hurl the laptop at the heads of certain 'friends', panicking that I've now got a virus and I don't understand how to get rid of it and an uncertain future of not being able to use the internet, one of my main ways of 'coping'.I'm tempted to just go to bed and hope it's all gone away by tomorrow. Though I doubt it will have done.Back after a hiatus *TRIGGERS* 18+ onlyStarted by Tallbloke40?, 14-12-14 01:13 AMI've just logged in for the first time in a while, due to a hiatus caused largely by being in denial. But having spent most of the evening in a state of panic I can't lie to myself any longer, and have to admit that something's wrong.Most immediate concerns: it's only twelve days till Christmas, and I've not done a thing about it. Not done any shopping, not put the tree up, not written a single card. Because I'm doing a college course and have a 2,000 word reflective assignment that is due in next Friday, and it's causing me untold anxiety. Then four days later I have to have a further 1,500 word reflective log in to my practice educator. And I haven't written a single word towards either. Every time I think about doing either, I feel guilty for not having done anything to prepare for Christmas. Then when I think about doing something to prepare for Christmas I get college work anxiety.What's not helping is the fact that I have a stinking cold. But it's causing me anxiety because I've recently done something a bit daft and I'm terrified that I'm suffering from something a lot more serious.The denial has been a lot easier to uphold because I've been taking drugs. But the access to those drugs has been via a certain establishment where men go to have sex with other men and to cut a long story short I'm terrified and panicking that I'm seroconverting to HIV.Having been an out member of the gay community for more than twenty years I know quite a lot about seroconversion, and know some of the symptoms to look out for. Every night before going to bed for about the last four months I have been studying my neck and shoulders for a rash, I regularly check my lymph glands for swelling, and flu-like symptoms are also a common sign of seroconversion. Diarrhoea and sickness can also be a sign, and I thought earlier this evening that was starting to happen, though on reflection it's possibly also one of the side effects of Lemsip that I sometimes get...I last had a blood test on 1st December (to mark World AIDS Day) and that test came back negative. I'm really hoping that means my timeline is out and this is just a common cold. That's not helping the irrational thoughts from taking over, leading to panic city.I can't talk to anyone about this, for obvious reasons. Not least my other half, because he doesn't know that I've been putting myself at risk in this way, or any of my friends who would be really disappointed if they knew.A couple of months ago I was prescribed Citalopram 20mg a day by my GP, but I have yet to start taking them, because last time I started I had a couple of days of feeling zimbified and I have to study. I have a week off over Christmas and was hoping to hold out until then. I also have a number to call to refer myself for counselling, and haven't rung it yet. I don't know what's stopping me, other than being in denial I suppose.Currently feeling a bit less manicky than I was earlier this evening. I have a headache though, probably caused by stress. And a cold.*Sniff*