Topic: I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND IT CancelThis probably won't interest anyone but I felt it was the appropriate place to let some stuff go, so I'm ok if no one reads it. I am a just turned 60yo man who cares for his Mum in a very small country community in Western Victoria, gay, educated and just an ordinary sort of a bloke really, albeit one who has a depressive/anxiety condition with an increasing need for isolation. Quite the opposite to what I was once. I am unable to mix with a crowd now or even a small gathering where I make excuses to leave. I just don't understand the psychological changes that have occurred over the past 10 years or so and I find it hard to find anyone who has the slightest idea of what I am talking about. Friends and family try but I can see that they don't get how I am feeling. I use an elephant analogy whereby my depression and anxiety feels like an elephant sitting on my chest and when there is some respite, the elephant hops off and wanders into the jungle and gives me a break. He's always there though, peering at me through the trees and when he's ready, he comes back and resumes his position on my chest. I would never have thought that a psychological condition could have such a physiological impact as it does. The weight is constant. Funny that I don't look for sympathy at all as being in awareness seems to help me cope, its the lack of understanding from those near and dear that frustrates me but then again, how can they walk in your shoes. They just think I'm a fruit loop as I do at times. The other companion I have is the daily thoughts of suicide that invade my space. I've had a preoccupation with it for many years and don't know why. I'm safe while Mum still enjoys oxygen, but not so sure about it later on. There was another tragic case of youth suicide in this town last year and I was astounded at the comments I heard following his death. You know, the same ole ... "how could he do that to his parents", "had everything to live for", "who would have know" the same old ignorant commentary that surrounds suicide. So I decided to write to the regional newspaper explaining depression and how it can lead to suicide. I commented that it is not so much the taking of life that is the tragedy, but the inability to live it. It got published in several newspapers and it has helped this community by way of understanding a little bit. Anyway, its been good getting this off my chest and as I am running out of allowable space to write this, I will say thanks and goodbye.