  Empathy and Depression  Steinbeck, 4 Hours AgoHello All,I'm an undergraduate student majoring in Sociology and have been experiencing terrible bouts of depression and anxiety for the past three years or so. I have seen numerous therapists for the past three years, but I still cannot seem to shift this negative rumination to a positive outlook. I think enrolling in academia has crippled my intellectual expectations; that I'm not 'smart enough' compared to my professors and other students. I feel completely lost and confused. I think learning about the world in an oppressive and discriminative way has shaped my depression further. I keep thinking about the political and social problems of the world and there is nothing I can fundamentally do about it. So many people are unacknowledged or are simply unaware of these matters; or simply lack apathy. I think I have invested too much empathy for these social issues to the point I cannot function or enjoy other hobbies pleasures. I never feel intelligent or engaging enough in conversation and I have terrible self esteem. I do not know what to do. I know change comes from within and all the therapy in the world cannot amend my rumination and negativity. I honestly wake up every morning suffering about the world's problems and putting myself down; that I'm boring and not talented enough. It's simply terrible. I'm tired of crying all the time. I wish more people cared about these certain issues rather than sports and reality television, which makes me even more depressed. I find little joy in life. People's lack of critical thinking and mental cognition disappoint me, but logically it should not. I cannot change anyone, but only myself, and give advice for social awareness. I also think the more intelligent and the more you know about the world through education, the more disconnected and alienated you feel from those surrounding you. I think I take life way too seriously and I simply cannot enjoy small talk and the simple pleasures. I find it difficult to connect with those who do not share and understand empathy beyond their kinship. Why are many people completely bigoted and unaware of this political turmoil we live in? I feel no optimism. I suppose ignorance is bliss, after all. I feel a constant need to discuss these social issues, but conversing leads to feeling jaded and burnt out. Wealthy feedback and optimistic advice would be highly appreciated.Signed,Confused Pessimist