  Something's very wrong...  WindowOnReality, 2  I just turned 22. I was unemployed for about 3 months until I got a job at a nearby grocery store. I suffer from endometriosis. I have also been diagnosed with several mental disorders & severe depression. Anyways, my point is, there's something seriously wrong with me! I constantly think about death. I do have a "plan". I just think I am a dangerous individual because I can go off at anytime. Just today, I was called into this fuckin' job(which I already hate), & I agreed to come in. As soon as I got off the phone, I threw it. Then I slammed all my doors in the apt. which caused things to fall off the walls, then I went to the kitchen & self harmed. This is nothing new...which is the sad part. I have these episodes almost everyday. It has seriously destroyed my life. I don't know what to do anymore. I am in physical pain every single day because of this fuckin' endometriosis. I just wanna die. I haven't been on this earth long, and I've already been through so much. I was born to a broken home. Both of my parents are alcoholics. I am the result of a one night stand. They never really were in a relationship. I was molested at age 4 by a drug addict in a wheelchair...who was my Dad's best friend. Then I was molested by one of my cousins...who is a girl! I treated my younger sister horribly growing up. I regret it. She has really nothing to do with me now. It's kind of like I'm an only child. I never see her. I've been throwing tantrums since I can remember. I've given my parents hell, especially my Mom. She was a single parent. I love my Mom and Dad with all my heart. I feel terrible & regret the things I've put them through. I plan to commit suicide when they die. I was bullied throughout elementary, middle school, and even high school. I turned to drugs, alcohol, and sex at an early age. These things didn't take my pain away. They just made it worse. I have been self-destructive since I was very young, even before elementary. I started thinking about death in middle school. I sold myself to the devil. But I'm pretty sure it wasn't legit, but still I fear that I shouldn't have done that. I don't want to go to hell. I have done really bad things...unforgivable things. I am an unstable person. I have been to juvie, rehab, alternative school, anger management, psychotherapy, & a psychiatric hospital. I make suicide threats all the time, I've harmed myself, attempted suicide in various ways etc. When I was a child, I used to self harm. I graduated high school surprisingly. I am glad about that, because it almost didn't happen. I can't hold a job. I've had about 20 jobs in the past 8 years. I went to college for about two months & then I dropped out. I am a recluse. It's the weirdest thing...I feel like I have withdrawn from reality or some shit. When I go out into public or even at jobs, I have no interpersonal skills whatsoever. I don't know if it's part of my mental disorders, but I sometimes have trouble having regular conversations with people. I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, and general anxiety disorder. I was told when I was a psychiatric patient, that I have a lot of the signs and symptoms of a borderline personality. I've only had one serious relationship. I drove him crazy. I would get him so attached & then push him away. Like part of me tried to love him & the other part was just fuckin' with him. I made him cry a lot. I feel, most of the time, like I have nothing good to say. I admit I complain all the time. Sometimes, I have moderate confidence and self-image...like I can accept myself. And other times, I have very low self-confidence, low self-esteem, and poor self-image. I analyze myself a lot. Lately, I just don't give a fuck. My room is trashed. I don't shower regularly, I eat like crazy, I've been taking pain killers, I just lay in bed all day, and I don't talk to anyone. I have a best friend who cares & knows I'm psycho. She still loves me no matter what. She has some type of mental disorder too. She might be bipolar, have anxiety, or be psychotic too. I always make friends with people who have problems & disorders. I don't even try with them, it's just natural. My parents are getting old. They are not together. I live with my Mom and try to see my Dad regularly. I stress them out, especially my Mom. I break shit. I harm myself. I am fully abstinent. That's another thing I'm proud of. I've been abstaining from sex for going on 3 years. But I don't know where my life is headed. I used to dream and fantasize about marrying a rockstar. That's probably not gonna happen. But I definitely don't want to be locked up in prison or a mental ward for the rest of my life either. I never saw my life like this. Sometimes I feel strong, like I've seen a thing or two. Other times, I feel like this is a never-ending nightmare. I know it's gonna end some day, but I just hope that I wasn't a complete waste of a person!!!!!