Depression in young adults *trigger*Started by purplefan?, 30-04-15 07:00 PMAs i was sitting in the canteen today the conversation turned to mental health issues; particularly about the sad death of a singer called Lil chris. He was 24 years old and hanged himself. Even though he was quite open about his depression he lost his battle.I have never heard of him, but of course my thoughts and prayers are with his family today.Is there anyway we as adults can talk to teenagers more openly about mental health? It seems to be a taboo subject amoungst youngsters. Lil chris was open yet his family could not help him, as he was away and the people he hung around with probably could not cope with the issue.Do you think that MH should be taught in schools and teach people how to talk more openly about their issues?I feel so sad that another young life has been lost mainly becaus i feel people could not or did not know how to help. So sad.A question about anxiety.Started by purplefan?, 21-03-15 11:44 AMDose anxiety ever go away or do you learn how to deal with it? I think I might be still struggling with it although it has not been as bad since last year.I had thought I was over it and I can quite happy walk round the town without feeling everyone is watching. If you have been reading my mood thread then you will know that I was asked to go to the football and I really wanted to go, but I had worked myself up to such a frenzie I decided not to go. Hence my question.***Suicide*** Triggers.Started by purplefan?, 14-04-15 10:24 AMI am beginning to feel a bit stressed lately, and it is coming up to the anniversary of my failed suicide attempt. I wanted to discuss it as i though it might help me get through as last time i was in the sanctuary and although it was tough; i managed to get through the day.I had already picked my suicide day before as i wanted to get my affairs all in order. I had become so low that i was actually looking forward to ending my life. (i see this as a failure) As i did not complete it. I took over 100 tablets (i though that would be enough) But tablets don't workso i woke up four hours later with a splitting headache and threw up. I cried and cried. I was so angry and yet a part of me was also relieved. My eldest son had just been deployed to Afghanistan for his first tour of duty and i was really worried for him, i had retired and had not worked in months. The boredom was getting to me. I had isolated myself and spoke to know one. I stopped eating and drank only water. Anyway, i failed and as i lay in my bed crying i wondered how to do it properly.So next day i began to research and determined to find a way. It was then i came across dealingwithdepression and began to read some of the stories and how much people were in pain and decided to struggle on. I remember knowlsey having a huge impact on me. i began to realize that perhaps suicide is not the answer, and plucking up courage, i decided to join the forum and it has given me strength to carry on, i have read some powerful testimonies from people and began to figure out suicide was not the answer. So much has changed since i joined the forum that i now have a future and i am more lucky than most.Yes, suicide can be an answer(i am not going to deny that) but you have to look in the now and focus on the future, Not the past. I stll have suicide thoughts, and they can be quite powerful, but i am on the forum everyday, as it gives me strength to cope. Seeing people like Elizabethjane; paula coping with her pain and Rose and Nita and Miss Molly and the scientist, and Hugo and magie06 coping every day through enormous pain in their lives makes me realise that i am glad i failed my suicide bid and carried on. Yes it is a struggle and yes i do sometimes thing of the past and the failure of that but there are somethings worth fighting for and you guys have made me realise it. There is a new batch of wonderful people who have given me strength. Stella has given me enormous determination to struggle on. Nita also and Other people i have forgotten to mention. So as my suicide anniversary approaches I shall look on it as a successful failure. So to those who are contemplating suicide i am not going to tell you not to that is not for me only that as someone who really did think about it and failed twice. I am glad i did. If i had succeeded i think it would have affected my family in a negative way and would have broken it up. I would not have experienced living with my son and his family. I would not have experienced the pride i felt when my eldest son got promoted to captain.Yes, every day is a struggle, yes everyday can be tough but i am determined to succeed in life.I am about to be baptized as a christian in two weeks and that has opend up another avenue i would not have experienced if i had succeeded.So all i say is Think.