Sad in SydneyHello,I find myself on the beyond blue website instead of sleeping. My husband is asleep next to me, aware of my pain but at a loss about how to support me. I'm a primary school teacher who has recently moved from Melbourne to Sydney. I suffer from anxiety related depression.in m early twenties I had an eating disorder. I became very painfully and severely underweight. Throughout my twenties I was distracted by life, studying, working, building a house, getting married. Now, in my early 30s I feel like life is draining my energy. Late last year I was diagnosed with depression. I was given a prescription for anti-depressants and also treatment with a psychologist. Together with the psychologist I made the decision to undergo counselling and not take the medicines (I was not happy with the speed with which they were prescribed by a GP - 10 minutes nor was I comfortable with the side effects, but that's my choice).ÊI thought last year my anxiety was caused by the stress at work. I found work relatively quickly in Sydney and have worked a term at a new school. I'm yet to find a doctor or counsellor in Sydney. I'm struggling to work out if I'm simply homesick and lonely (understandable) or if it's the work environment (I am not at all suited to this school) or if it's some other reason or a combination.I'm scared that my dark thoughts and lack of vitality will come back. I'm sliding into a hole and I'm sure I lack to skills to help myself out. I cry most days. I'm extremely anxious. I feel trapped in this job, how can I leave after only one term, yet I'm also terrified of staying and descending into depression.i need advice on how to leave one position unexpected while still somehow get a reference that can help future employment. Sydney is expensive and I need to work to pay rent. I fear the financial birder my anxiety and depression will place on my marriage. I'm so scared, anxious and lonely. Would like someone, anyone, to reach out and understand my pain.Thank you.