 I think I'm relapsingStarted by The_Scientist?, 25-02-15 10:49 PMI think I'm relapsingi was feeling really positive as recently as last week, but the last few days have just been awful. everything is just catching up to me again and it feels like there's just no escape. i spent ost of today in bed.for starters, i've found a way back on to the app that was causing me trouble before. i'm not using it as extensively and most of the time i delete it as soon as i've installed it anyway, but even so. the infection i had before doesn't seem to have gone away either. i'll go see someone about it when i can, but the experience is harrowing.life at home hasn't improved. it's getting warmer and lighter so i can at least send more time in the garden to escape but it doesn't fully make up for everything, especially now my brother's girlfriend has moved in and pretty much instantly been offered 3 jobs. she is pretty much a carbon copy of my brother which means i get twice as much  from them, on top of all the pressure from my parents. it's getting so bad that any opportunity to get out i would take, be it a job offer somewhere far away or is the sodding TARDIS turned up outside. even right now, i keep thinking i want to go out. i dont have anyone to go out with but to be honest i just want to be out of this house and just walking somewhere, or at the very least drinking everything away. just destroy myself in the drink and forget everything without caring where i wake up. i just feel so small and unloved, so tired, like ive been beaten and kicked and then had to walk miles to get home and i'm still not there. when driving me home from rehearsals, my director asked me how i was doing, and it struck me that it was the first time anyone had sincerely asked me that in about 2 years.no-one has time for meStarted by The_Scientist?, 02-02-15 08:28 PMi guess one of the things i struggle most with is that no-one seems to value having me around. i get cancelled on a lot, usually at the last moment or after waiting all day to hear from people, no-one ever calls or messages to see how i am, and if i try to talk to them, everyone always seems to busy to talk to me. most of my friends know i'm struggling but it's not made a difference, no-one wants to help me. it seems like i get close to people and they always just leave me.work is making it worseStarted by The_Scientist?, 01-02-15 11:42 PMas if i needed any proof that my job is detrimental to my mental and physical health, i've had a week off and feel good. but i was in the car this morning when we were dropping my brother off there and i could already feel myself getting anxious and tense when we were only half way there. when my brother got home he told me that, even though i still have a week of holiday left, they've put me down to work this friday. now i have to phone up and deal with them tomorrow and i just feel really stressed again. there is no part of me that wants to go back, i really feel like quitting tomorrow, but i really can't afford to. i'm desperately trying to find something else, the thought of going back is horrible. it's like every fibre of my being is actively and powerfully rejecting the place.