Feeling extremely let down by people in general!Started by cobalt_bluester?, 26-12-13 04:34 AMHello. I hope you all enjoyed your Xmas Day and coped as well as you possibly could. I know that for a lot of you it would have been very difficult... it was for me!!I desperately needed to share this as am feeling quite upset (again), and will probably 'lose it' if I don't! My sister and brother-in-law whom we went to see yesterday, both failed to ask as to my wellbeing, knowing full well about my history of mental health issues! They have both previously worked in the mental health field, one as an Occupational Therapist, and the other as a Psychiatric Nurse. I had not seen them for over a year now, only talking to them occasionally via text message and phone. What REALLY hurt me is they both asked my partner about her physical health problems, and her regular hospital visits, but completely failed to acknowledge my illness and enquire about how I was doing. I feel like a non-person! I have had depression and social anxiety issues for a long, long time now I just hate it!!Why are people like this, I cannot understand. It's not like I have a contagious disease or anything! I feel I am experiencing the stigma of being a mental health patient first hand, and from those I am closest too. Does anyone else find they have to deal with this negative attitude from people on a regular basis? If so please do share. It's a bit like people will not acknowledge my illness, like it does not exist and should be kept as a dirty secret! Very, very strange considering the wealth of freely available information out there. Even though major celebrities such as Stephen Fry, and Demi Lovato have gone public with their issues, it seems to me there is a HUGE way to go before people are comfortable talking about, and accepting these type of things. I know that when I go to visit my partner's family this weekend they will fail to ask about my wellbeing. If you have cancer or diabetes etc then it's fine to talk about, whereas a mental health problem it is not. Sometimes, I just feel like walking away from people it is hard knowing how to deal with their attitudes towards me. At the end of the day, we are all human and if we are going through a tough time of course we all need to know that people care, but time and again I am finding let down by people I am closest to. I feel that they just do not care at all, but perhaps I am viewing this from a somewhat skewed perspective?Thank you so much for reading, your support and comments are invaluable.Richard  Is It Me or Does Nobody Really Seem To Care?Started by cobalt_bluester?, 24-03-15 01:44 PMHi,I just feel very alone much of the time. I am sat at home alone most of the day (albeit it busy), but I can never really ever shake my mental health issues no matter how hard I try.I've kind of given up on the medical profession as they are about as much use as a chocolate teapot. Nobody is going to give me a job as I've been out of work now for 6 solid years, so I am trying diligently to make a go of with the computer. I have some good skills.Does anyone else feel like there isn't anyone in their day to day life to 'fall back on' to speak. I do have some 'friends', but they are what I'd call fairweather friends and I am constantly frustrated about their lack of motivation and effort to contact me. It is very disheartening and really all I have is myself at the end of the day, even though it can be a very lonely life for me (at times).Thanks for listening