ÊNever managed to feel love ÊSerenco,Ê2  So here is my problem/story. I'm 27, been suffering from depression since I was around 14. Not being the most attractive of people I really struggled to get girlfriends as a younger guy and all I really wanted to have a gf etc (I thought this was the root of my depression but now I'm not so sure) however since 23 have had three of various lengths between 5 and 9 months. Each time the girl would eventually fall in love with me or felt pretty strongly at the least. First two times I broke up with them because I didn't feel like I was moving towards being 'in love' with them and didn't want to string them along anymore when they could find someone who could feel that way. The most recent was a strange one where going into it we both knew we were moving away in the near future so just a short term thing but at the end of it she told me she fell harder for me than she expected. I generally told them that I felt this way and yet they still stuck around. Hence the breakups were tough and I felt like a sack of shit.At this point it's probably worth pointing out that I don't think I've ever really felt love for anyone including immediate family. Not that I'm sure what love even is but judging by articles around the net I don't think I ever have felt it.ÊNot being that attractive I've always had to resort to online dating and even then I get virtually no interest (within my parameters of no kids and not overweight) so each of my partners really were the girls who said yes rather than me picking the best option from a range so to speak.ÊI'm now at the point where the most recent one may in the future be moving close to me and has said she would be happy to move in and start up again I'm trying to decide what to do. One part of me wants to believe that I only haven't fallen in love because I haven't met the right girl. But the logical part tells me I'll probably never feel that way so I should just take what's on offer. We get along well enough have fairly similar values but probably don't share loads of interests like music and movies. I'm just afraid I'll never develop those strong feelings for her and waste prime child bearing years of her life. Or worse have kids and then be a crappy relationship after making both of us unhappy for a long time.ÊI'm not sure exactly what I'm looking for here, maybe justification or something but there it is. Insight/advice/experience is always appreciated. I can provide more details if needed.