Intensive Therapy Update Week #4Ê  MessedUpNow ,Ê03 May 2015Hi everyone! Back again with another update. A lot has happened this week.Early in the week, I spoke to the psychiatrist about my continued depression and suicidal tendencies. He added gabapentin to the mix (already on cymbalta) as he said that would target the brain in a slightly different way than the cymbalta, but complementary to it. Very good results so far. I had crazy medicine head for the first 2 days and felt like an emotionless blob (which I didn't really mind). The fog has lifted and I am getting back to "normal" with my emotions, but I have noticed a marked decrease in my depression which is GREAT!!! He also took me off the Ativan and put me on some "v" replacement med that was like Ativan "light", but is not a benzo apparently. I have been taking that 3 times a day as well. Can't tell which is doing which, but I am happy with the mix right now. I haven't had any suicidal slips this week which is good. I still have times where I tend toward hopelessness, but it is getting better.One thing that really helped me this week was discussing my marital situation with one of the counselors. Personally, I hate the concept of divorce. I made a vow until "death do us part", and I meant those vows. And here she has me in this place where she wanted to live separated from me forever so that i have to support her for the rest of her life rather than divorce me. Ok, that isn't going to happen. In discussing this with the therapist, he helped me realize that she had verbalized that she wanted to be free from the marriage covenant, had told me that she already divorced me in her mind and heart, separated from me, etc... and as a result the loving thing to do would be to grant her a divorce. In other words, I would be giving her what she wanted. "If you love it, let it go." The fact is, with my codependency, I have been so intent on maintaining the relationship that I have done everything I could to keep her. But she simply doesn't want to be here and feels bound by this covenant to me. That is crazy. If she wants to leave, then she should leave, and I should allow her to do so. If she doesn't want the stigma of having divorced me, then i should man up and do the paperwork so that she can be free. Sure, I will take the blame. I would divorce her because she didn't want to be married to me anymore. Likely everyone will tell me "duh, that is obvious", but it has taken me some time to realize just how codependent I have been. It reminds me of the story of the Prodigal son in the Bible - the son left and the father didn't try to force him to stay. The son wanted to destroy his life and the father let him go and do it.Ok, I have anger issues. I have never had them before (I think). But at this point, I am very angry over the betrayal, the abuse, the denial of any wrong doing, and other such things. I don't like being angry. I am not an angry person by nature, so this feels very unnatural and unpleasant. We talked this week about the difference between "anger" and "angry". Anger is an emotion, Angry is an action or an outworking of an emotion. It is natural to feel anger. You will not be able to avoid that. It is a natural feeling that tells you something is wrong - typically that a boundary of yours has been crossed or a value that you have has been violated. However, it is NOT always good to become ANGRY as a result of the emotion of anger. Why? Because you always want to be in control of your emotions rather than having your emotions be in control of you. And guess what I did? I ended up in a text conversation with my wife today (which I should NOT HAVE DONE) and as expected, it started getting a little out of hand and emotional. Rather than using my DBT skills of distress tolerance and emotion regulation, I fell back into my old behaviors of allow my emotions to control me. Bad, naughty Me! My anger made me angry and I wasted an hour or so texting childish rants back and forth with me wife rather than updating me dear DF friends. Grrr. I don't want this kind of relationship with my wife. At the end she said she said that she was going to divorce me again, so that is a strange victory I guess. I wasn't even going for that.Why do I bring up the anger issues? Well, this week's module of DBT covered interpersonal effectiveness. There are three main things to consider when going into a discussion - objective, relationship and self-respect. You are supposed to decide in any interaction which is the most important. So what was the objective in my discussion with my wife? The objective initially was to tell her that I wanted to take my kids to the park and out to dinner tomorrow night. How did I want my wife to feel about the interaction (relationship)? I wanted her to feel that I love my kids. How did I want to feel after the relationship was done (self-respect)? I wanted to feel good about myself that I loved my kids. So the most important one for me in this case was the objective, then self-respect and then relationship. So I get my objective completed - great! But then the conversation digresses and then she gets emotional and I get emotional and crash goes the conversation. So how did I fair in the DBT realm? Well, i did get my objective met. I am picking the kids up tomorrow. However, the relationship was further damaged - she does NOT think better of me after our discussion, and I left there with no self-respect because I said some things that I should have kept unsaid. Oh well, I am not supposed to beat myself up over these failures, but rather to pick myself up and learn from my mistakes and move on. This will be a great example of what NOT to do in my Monday DBT class.Tied closely with my anger issues is the issue of forgiveness. I have to get to the point of forgiving her. Why? Because I cannot be a slave to this bitterness for the rest of my life. If I don't forgive her, I am allowing her to control me even though she might have moved on. I don't want that to happen. It is SO easy to save "I forgive you", but an entirely different thing to REALLY FORGIVE someone. I was reading a book this week on forgiveness, and the author was talkin about something he called the "injustice gap". When someone hurts you, you will feel a deficit of maybe like 10 units. They may come up and say they are sorry which might reduce that to 8 units. They may also have some natural consequences that may reduce that to 6 units. that balance is called the "injustice gap" where you do not feel that the offense has been adequately paid for. The bad thing about injustice gaps is that the person committing the offense will view things completely differently. then may only view their offense as having been a 5 unit offense and their apology brought it down to 1 and then the natural consequences actually created an injustice gap for them of something like 2 units as they may feel that the punishment is greater than the offense. So here I am with my injustice gap of 6 units as the victim and the offender is looking at the same incident and she feels like the injustice gap is on her side. There is NO way in this case to solve this and close both injustice gaps. If I do 6 units worth of reprisal to make me happy, she might view that as a 12 unit offense and then her injustice gap is increased to 14 units. So what is to be done? Forgiveness is the tool that can close the injustice gap. It is saying that I am willing to swallow the injustice gap and move on with my life. The fact is, it is pointless for me to try to resolve the injustice gap that I feel right now with my wife. and I don't even know what would close it even if she wanted to. So what are my options? I don't want to keep on with this tit-for-tat texting crap. I want to learn to forgive and move on with my life. While I may not be happy with her, this is the mother of my kids and I want them to love and respect her. Which means that they need to see me honoring her as well. Oh, this is going to be SO hard.... So it is looking like the divorce is imminent once I get out of treatment, and I do pray that she and I can be civil to each other. I am really glad that I am still in treatment.The last thing that I want to mention is the other people that are going through treatment. I do really love how they have this program set up. Between group sessions, lunch, sitting in the waiting room waiting for the next session, etc... we get a LOT of time to talk to each other and interact. In the short time that I have been around these people, I have come to love them like family. I really enjoy being around them. They are SAFE people. They know my story and I know theirs, and there is no judgment. We cheer for each other when a eureka moment is met. We cry when people leave at the end of the 4 or so weeks. We go on walks together, go to dinner together and just shoot the breeze. Last night we were celebrating three individuals that were going to be leaving today. We all went out to a seafood restaurant that overlooked the water in Edmonds, WA. Fifteen of us ate, talked and laughed for like 3 hours, all without alcohol. That was a lot of fun. I have discovered that I need people and they need me. It was just me there. Not me the father, not me the husband. Just me, David. And they liked being around me. I am learning to become myself and figure out who I am. I have a LONG way to go and it is an uphill battle, but I am beginning to be equipped for fighting that battle. I just need to keep my head above water until I get to shore...ÊAlcohol Problems??Ê  MessedUpNow ,Ê12 Apr 2015I am in this 4 week intensive depression program and one screening Ihad to go through was for substance abuse. The counselor claims that I abuse alcohol, but I guess I have never thought of it in that manner. I do have a glass of alcohol or two in the evenings. I never get drunk. I do admit that as the verbal abuse from my wife and depression got worse, I did start drinking more to sedate my anxiety from the abuse, but again, never to the point of being drunk. Maybe that is what he means by abuse is that I am using alcohol as an escape. When I ended up in the hospital from my attempt, I had no withdrawal symptoms.Anyways, what would you make of this? Does this mean I should stay away from alcohol altogether? Or does this mean that I should simply be more careful that I am not using alcohol as a crutch?I Just Want To Vent A BitÊ  MessedUpNow ,Ê03 May 2015I still love my wife even though I am extremely angry and feel betrayed. I have no idea how the relationship could be redeemed at this point. It would simply take a miracle. I feel like my heart has been ripped out. I am not proud of how I have behaved during all of this. I thought that I was a stronger man and more honorable and in control of my emotions, but that is not the case. I have so much to grow in character wise. I love her and am angry at her. I want to talk to her but I know that it will just explode. I miss her dearly. I grieve the loss of her companionship. She really had so many amazing qualities which I took for granted. But at the same time, I can't forget the damage that her betrayal and abuse has caused me. Divorce sucks. Ripped my family apart. Damaged the kids. It wasn't supposed to end like this. I feel so torn in two directions. It is so hard to RADICALLY ACCEPT what is going on and that it is over. I need to move on. I am a human being with value even without her. And she is a human being with value even without me. We both made many mistakes and in time those wounds will heal, but the scars will remain. I still have a life in front of me to live and I want to make it the very best that I can. I have to trust that I will find true love in the future, someone that will not abandon me at my time of greatest need. Right now, I need to figure out what it means to be a remote dad.ÊHorrible WeekendÊ  MessedUpNow ,Ê04 May 2015Typing this from my phone, so this will be short. All in the course of 24 hours...- found that my wife moved half of the checking and savings accounts into a private personal account of hers while I was in therapy for the week.- had my 17 year old son tell me that he is siding with his mom and no longer considers me his father.- had the sheriff serve me divorce papers after dropping off the kids from taking them out for the day.Needless to say, I am not doing well :(Ê