 Hey all (possible triggers)Started by Hugo-agogo?, 24-11-14 02:02 PMHi. I joined because I feel like I need an avenue of expression, whether that's doing a blog here or just in general.I'm 35 - I honestly thought I was 34 and had forgotten, so it was a slight shock to type in my DOB and see that! Time flies at an alarming rate - male, from Cambs uk.What to say? Looking back I think I have always suffered from anxiety and depression. I had a breakdown in my late teens and became agoraphobic. I still am to some extent. My mum had MS and I just settled into the role of carer during my twenties. She was ill from before I was born, and I think it's one of the roots of my issues, because as a small child I was scared by a bad attack she had. She was also a difficult personality, and deeply unhappy and frustrated, and perhaps she had every right to be. It's hard to separate the person from the illness, but as a kid you don't understand that, you just take on their pain and carry the worry. The rest of my family were very negative and unsuportive, all adding to my inhibitions, and I guess it's usually like that with these things - it's a combination of stressors in a bad dynamic. After mum died I spent the next few years trying to process everything. When she was alive - and with other things too - it's like I was permanently on the edge of my nerves just trying to get through the day, and had never had or felt like I'd ever had a chance to actually process anything in my life. I learned about emdr, meditation etc, and have made so much progress, although I probably don't give myself much credit for that. I often feel I am on the brink of full recovery, but it's a long journey and there can be so many layers to these issues - people do say working through your issues is like pealing through the layers of an onion, don't they - but my problems left me terribly isolated. Eventually friends stop calling and I don't really know anyone anymore. I also live in a village, so I am actually isolated! Despite all I have learned about mental health and recovery, my actual life has not changed, and that's when it hits me. A few years ago my benefits were stopped and I had to start signing on - a big step for me - but it dawned on me just how little options I had. With little or no employment history - or even anyone to ask for a reference - it felt like, after coming so far - the world had closed all it's doors on me. I'd never had so many suicidal thoughts before singing on, and my advisor - although she knew I had a history of problems - would make sarcastic remarks, like about not paying rent because I still, pathetically, live with my dad. "Good old dad" she sneered. These things can stick in your head, especially as he contributed to my problems, although we get on ok these days. I signed off. So I often feel like I'm out of options and I just don't know what to do with myself (in fact my advisor did say to me, "you seem a bit lost!") For all I've managed in recovery terms I still haven't been able to change my circumstances. There are times I feel I'll never find a vocation or path in life, never meet anyone special and have all the things normal people take for granted. But I have endured to this point, and am more able now than ever to pursue my creative interests. Just wish I knew what to do now.Sorry this is a bit long!