  My life is messed up...I dont know what to do.  Lemur, 18 Hours AgoI really could do with some advice. I dont know who to talk to or where to get any guidance so I am posting here.I feel like my life is a total mess and I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what the solution is, but I am getting older and I cant live like this for much lonnger. I look at my future and I just have no idea what I will be doing 5 years, ten years from now. I am 31 years old and most of my life was spent unemployed or working low end jobs like tele sales or bar work. I have had problems with alcohol and shyness for a very long time. This led me to stay living with my father, mostly unemployed, for basically until a year ago, when I decided to move to Spain and be a TEFL teacher.I have no idea what I want to do with myself in this world. Absolutely no idea. I thought I would teach english in a foreign country for a year and hope that I change in some way or learn some new things and develop myself, and I feel like I have, a lot, and for a time I was not thinking about these things, I felt like I had a purpose in the world and I was living hapily....but my job here is coming to an end at the end of june and I have no plan of what to do after that. I just dont know.I suppose I will continue to teach for another year. I will be 32 when I finish that and I expect I will still have no idea of what I am doing with my life. I studied english literature at university and I graduated in 2006. Since then I have largely delayed making any kind of decision as to what to do with my life. I have always had these worries that I have now and they just dont go away. In fact they get worse with age because you are older and there is a need to find your place in the world.I just feel so terrible. I feel so lost. For the past few weeks, thinking about this, I have seen a return of my behaviour to that depressed type of behaviour that I had in England: I am drinking everyday. I spend a lot of time alone, I am sleeping later and not sleeping well. I just have this return of this terrible feeling that has crippled me for so long. I am even smoking. I know I need to stop with the drinking and smoking, it makes everything so much worse.I just feel like I have messed up my life.This fear of responsibility extends to relationships too. Because I am shy I tend to use online dating sites to meet women. I have short relationships that go nowhere. I break them off because I feel that my life is not ready for a serious relationship, or I begin relationships that I feel will be short.For example, I have been seeing a woman nine years older than me. I have been seeing her for around 5 months now. She is a wonderful person and I have a lot of fun with her, but I just do not feel that it could work in the long term. There is an age gap for one, second of all, even though she is attractive, I am not sure if I am really fully attracted to her, a lot of the time I feel like I just see her because I am lonely and I have nobody else to spend my time with. The idea of having someone to do things with is great, but over time I have seen her grown very attached to me and she has strong feelings for me, which I really tried to avoid. So I have broken off the relationship because I just couldnt make the decision to commit. The attraction is not strong enough even though I like the idea of being with somebody. She is also very financially stable and I could see many positives to being with her long term, I feel this would be very selfish of me to stay with somebody for these reasons.I have had a string of relationships like this. I am with somebody for a time and then I break it off when it gets too serious because my life is a mess and I question whether I really like the person or not. I always feel terrible afterwards. The feeling of guilt and regret consume me to such an extent. I feel terrible about hurting people and I still feel bad for breaking this off, but I just felt it wasnt right. I do that too. I feel a relationship is not right and I keep it going past the point of that realisation. I do this for many reasons, one of them not wanting to hurt the other person, but as more time goes by I guess I hurt them more. The other is that I am afraid of beiing alone.The problem is that if I continue like this then my life will always be lonely. I will always be wandering around not knowing what the hell I am doing with my life. I will always be poor. God, I really hate what my life has become, I hate my mind. I just cant stand it.................