Fearful I will never get better againHi thereI'm new.  I posted 2 posts here last week but they were removed by BB - my word count was too long.  So I'm starting again   Thanks to the two people who replied to me I appreciate your support but can't remember your names sorry.  One of you said I haven't gained control of my thoughts and I'm wondering if you can clarify how I can do that please? as its a skill I definitely need to learn. I'm a 58 yr old female & very frustrated that at my age I still haven't got my crap together!!!!  I've suffered from anxiety & depression all my life but only 15 yrs ago diagnosed & treated with meds and psychology.  18 months ago after a prolonged period of stress and mental struggles, I slipped into severe chronic depression and anxiety and had to give up work.  I had no motivation for anything, didn't want to get out of bed and felt anxious about everything. I couldn't see any point in life. Nothing (even my lovely friends and pets) seemed worth living for. I had no appetite and diarrhoea. It's a very scary way to feel as I'm sure you're all aware. I've felt that way before but it's never lasted more than a few weeks. I find it so scary that it has lasted so long and hence my fear that I'll never get better this time.I live on my own & have no family but have several good friends. With the support of 2 wonderful friends I survived the last 18 months, and 3 months ago took up part time work which is going ok tho most days I'm forcing myself to go so I'm not actually enjoying it yet.  But I know it's good for me to have the income & social interaction.  Although I've improved and I now have good days where I feel like my old self (that's such a wonderful feeling!!).  I can't seem to hold onto it no matter how I try and, after a few days I slip back into the deep black hole again.  I'm trying really hard to be well - forcie myself to push through feelings to socialise & achieve things, to eat  & exercise.  Do other self help stuff such as take Tumeric, omega 3's, drink water, monitor thoughts.  I hate my life. It's really getting me down and I'm afraid im never going to get better no matter how hard I try.  My psychiatrist says coming out of it is an up and down process not a smooth path so that helps explain it a bit.  I just hate that gloomy/anxious feeling that is always in the background waiting to smother me. I feel It's my fault  I must be doing something wrong.Have you been through similar and recovered?  PLEASE tell me how you did it.