mean personI wasn't going to say anything but I think I have to say something.Someone really upset me, but I am just too tired of fighting back in writing.ÊI guess, I kind of deserve it but then maybe I didn't. I am the type because what happened always seem to blame myself when it isn't. I am trying very hard to stop doing this. It is so hard.I don't know I just don't want to be around people anymore.She was really mean mean and say about my karma. It got me real upset because so much bad things had happened. This thought came into my head that maybe, I will have actually good Karma from this because I actually helped her out. She just won't see that.ÊI've been in all my head trying not to think about it and move forward. Not being able to talk about it might be good or might not be.I decided to write here because I guess, I couldn't keep it in my head.ÊI really am starting to feel wanting to go very far away from people.ÊThere are really some nice people. I just can't seem to connect anymore.ÊI am trying to be okay with being myself.I see the image of group hug. I am putting it here for others who feel the same way.After writing this, I'm finally starting to cry. It's reasons like this you don't want to help people out.ÊI know about compassion and to give the person compassion..what about me?All these to make myself feel better.Year hereIt's been a year since I've been here (this State i live in and also this forum).ÊI come a long way. But still in same position though my mind is different. I know I am a lot stronger. But I do find myself withdrawing.I am blessed with many people who still love me though they can't help the inner me.ÊIt is a real rough morning today. I have been doing something I need to stop.ÊActually, I just realized I'm in a real bad state of mind. I did not realize this until now as things have been calmer for me and I had positive out look.I also don't seem to interact with people well anymore.ÊI really need to sleep.Ê