In Your Current State, How Do U 'behave' In Front Of Your Loved Ones?   JohnL , 23 Apr 2015I find it very hard to put up a strong front and act as if I am okay when inside I am jittery and always on the verge of breaking down as a result of my anxiety. I dont feel mentally well and I am plague by terrifying negative thoughts as a result of a total lost of direction and confidence. I break down and cry when I am alone but when I face my loved ones, I act as if I am okay because they are worried sick about me. I owe it to myself and to them to be mentally strong but I am simply not strong enough and Iately I always feel as if I am on the verge of a mental breakdown. Initially I shared my worries/issues with them and they became very troubled and can't sleep. My mum who is in her 70s would wake up in the wee hours of the morning because she is worried about my state and I feel responsible for it so i put up a strong front and as if everything is under control when it is not. How do u folks go about it?Extreme Negative Thoughts During Semi-Conscious Waking Period   JohnL , 21 Apr 2015Every morning when i am semi-conscious, suddenly my hopeless situation would come into my thoughts and send a huge negative 'jolt' and making me wake up in fear. Then I would quickly get out from bed and feel greatly distressed. Because of this, I only get to sleep a few hours a night. When I am awake, I am able to control my thoughts because i keep telling me to be calm and practice CBT. I dont know if it is a panic attack because these negative thoughts would suddenly appear even in the midst of my dreams and I end up waking up. I know my sub-conscious mind is affected and I need advice on how to stop it. I have been holding on tightly of the edge of depression but have not yet crossed over to it (I think) but I am on the verge. Can anyone who have similar experiences share on how to eliminate it? I am currently not on medication and would prefer not to go back to it. Thanks 