Depressed in CollegeI am currently in my first year of college and I feel so depressed. I go to a small liberal arts college in the northeast (but I am not from the northeast). It is an elite college (a top 50 college). I don’t have any friends and I am not friends with my roommate or anyone in my residence hall. The college I go to is a predominately white school and I am not white. My roommate even seems interested in only having white or Asian friends. My roommate keeps commenting on how she is so excited to live in a single next year. Now, I know that my roommate and I are not required to be friends, but I am just pointing out that it seems like she does not like me either. I have tried joining clubs and going to events but people ignore me; they do not seem to want to get to know me and I am a really nice person (people tell me that I am really nice). I have to admit that I am not really outgoing, but I do make an effort to try going to clubs on campus. I do not drink and I do not go out to parties (probably because I am afraid to since people seem to not like me). I remember that I went to a party and I was there by myself the whole time; people were not interested in getting to know others at the party. Additionally, some people say that I am quiet but I do not agree with them. I would not say that I am a huge talker or that I talk really loud, but I do not agree that I am quiet. My sister does not think I am quiet (maybe its because we have a lot of things in common with each other). I have tried my best to get out of my comfort zone to meet new people but it seems like almost everyone at my school does not like me. The college I go to is pretty small-around 2,000 students-and I feel like some people have been gossiping about me behind my back and that is why no one wants to be my friend. Whenever I leave campus, I feel so happy because I feel like I am out in the real world with mature individuals who are less judgmental. I feel like the students at my college act like immature high school students; yet I feel like I am left with mean-spirited, stuck-up, and rude students. I mean, my college has only undergraduate students so maybe that is why. I always expected to be surrounded by fun, non-judgmental, and open-minded people in college, but my expectations have been disillusioned. I feel like I am suffering from depression. Sometimes, I sleep all day and don’t go out because I am so sad and upset. The people around me all have friends and I always ask myself why I do not have friends. I always start blaming it on my looks; I start thinking that maybe people do not like me because they think I am ugly. I even asked my sister and she said no. I saw a therapist at my school and she even told me that I am a likeable person and that I should be able to make friends, at least eventually. I’m so sad because I do not have a social life. The only things that I do are my schoolwork and go online. I feel like I do not even have a life. I cry a lot when I am here in college. I only feel happy when I leave campus and go to the nearest biggest city; I feel like strangers are even nicer to me when I go to the city and I feel like that is how I gain some of my confidence and it helps my depression because it makes me feel like a world exists beyond my small college. I have told my parents about transferring but they just do not understand. They tell me that if I want to transfer, it has to be a better college than the college that I am currently attending. However, I do not care where I transfer to as long as I have a happy social life. I do not know what I should do? I feel like a really lost college student. Sorry for the really long post; I just feel like I need guidance because I feel like the therapist/psychologist did not do a good job in helping me.