What can I do to make things betterWhat is wrong with me, and how can I fix it?   I am 54 years young with a beautiful partner (39) and three young boys ( 8, 10 and 13). I have a great job which although very stressful, pays very well and I do enjoy my work. I love my partner and children but seem unable to express it to them. I constantly ignore them and spend time with myself instead. I worry about work and continue to work at my computer well after working hours, shutting them out completely.   It has come to the point that my partner has sought the affection of another man because she is so lonely and she wants to end our relationship. When I found out about this I still thought of myself first and  was so selfish I threatened suicide. This is the lowest point in my life; I am angry, confused, desolate but still only thinking of myself. I don't think I am really suicidal but used this as a tool to seek attention and control. Poor me, love me and stay or I will end it all, then you'll be sorry.   I am working away for three weeks at the moment so this has given us some space for ourselves without the stress of having to interact in a domestic environment. We are just starting to communicate again via text and the occasional phone call. I am trying to give my partner the space she needs to think about things and decide on our future, it is probably out of my control at this time. It is very difficult to not worry and I find it hard to not call or text to try to convince her of my desire to change and hope that she will give me the chance. Its driving me crazy.   I think I am suffering from depression and have been for several years but have ignored it. I am angry all the time and feel lonely even when surrounded by my beautiful family. Little things annoy me and I get frustrated with my inability to control my emotions.   I really don't want the last 14 years to be wasted and to lose my family. It will be so hard on all of us, both personally and financially. I don't want my partner and children's lives subject to this upheaval, how will their lives be affected by the things I have caused to happen? I still hold onto the hope I can convince my partner of my true love for her and the children and she will give me one last chance to prove I can change. Can anyone here help me with tips to try and break out of this cycle and make amends. Radical effort might helpMy wife and I have different types of depression so this might not suit all.I felt depression coming on. Maybe I'm lucky but I get signs, mood swings and sadness. The sadness maybe from dysthymia. At any rate it as coming on 3 days  ago. This cycle normally lasts around 10 days and I push through it. Last time about 6 weeks ago I couldnt push through it. This led to me approaching it differently.Instead of staying home I asked my wife if she'd accompany me for a drive about 5 kms away to collect firewood. We did that and it was so hard. All I wanted to do was go home maybe stare at the TV or sleep. We got our full trailer load of wood then out of the blue I stopped the car and told my wife I'll be back in 5 minutes. I jogged in one direction then returned. That was hard to do also. It's like running against the tide.When we got home my instincts were to - yep retire inside to TV. Instead I did some digging in the garden. Then went to my 'man cave' to rearrange shelf items. This is when I have a little cry. It was getting harder. Again I went against the tide and trimmed some tree branches. I didnt even enter our home for a drink as the temptation to collapse was too great...drank from the tap.  Finally a lot of work behind me I was to enter our home then thought it best to visit our neighbour thus delaying again the resting time. Helped my neighbour with the building of his green house which took 2 hours.A couple of days later and I'm fine. I broke that barrier. Dont know if you can try this but its worked for me. It is hard thoughTony WKDepression - has it taken you to the end?Not a topic to beat around the bush. Yeh, suicidal thoughts or plans. How many of us sufferers of depression have been there?A statistic that blew me away was average suicides in Australia. About 2200-2500. Males are four times more likely to than females. Now a days thats more than the national road toll.What can we do to secure our own future so we dont go down that path because of the numbers that do go all the way many are suffering depression. Our demons take their toll on our well being, our daily life and we send our family and friends packing even though it isnt intended, we do it anyway. We have limited control and that brings me to a point, an important point for the depressed contemplating the end of your life. To think outside the square for a few minutes before you continue on. Disconnect with your contemplated journey for a few minutes to think of the following.1.Think of your loved ones, the sadness and grief they will experience. So sad2.Think about an immediate change of environment3.Seek help. You might be thinking you are tired of seeking help but do it! Again and again you might need help but thats the way it is.Many of us know the internal pain, the numbness, the worthlessness, the feeling of tears rolling but we dont know why. Like anything in life that is negative and uncontrollable there is only two ways to silence those demons  One is the selfish way and I wont consider it a fair option for your loved ones. the other is to reverse it. How do we reverse suicidal thoughts?Change of environment? It can help. Walk away from that terrible direction. Walk anywhere. If you are that desperate then try anything life can offer so you survive. A day, a week, a month later having moved from your home, sort a job in the outback, had a holiday, toured around etc you would look back and realise that pathway was not a good plan. It was selfish and it was defeating. You'll feel proud you survived. An accomplishment. You beat it, you squashed those demons, not fully but you turned around from that path of destruction.There have been threads here on this forum that have touched me. The one that totally transformed my thinking was "think b4 you act"  google it with the words "beyond blue my life has changed because of 1 decision horribly wrong". That poster helped me too even though my thoughts of suicide have diminishedIf you are heading towards that direction consider loved ones. Realise your feeling of despair are temporary. Do a "U" turn.Tony WK