 Family ImpactStarted by Stella180?, 20-11-14 08:41 PMOk, here is a story I'm far from proud of telling but weighs on my mind every day.Without going it to too much detail, a couple of years ago I was at my lowest, had hit rock bottom. It felt like it had crept up on me but in truth I'd been slowly going downhill for a long time. I had lost my job due to my mental health, and my day to day routine was hit and miss at best. My partner was not good for me to put it politely and we had two children together. I couldn't cope with looking after myself nevermind the house and my family and it all took its toll when social services became involved. In fairness they did try to get me help through the local MHT but no additional support was offered as the belief was that I Was coping well enough. Ha! I was coping so in Jan 2013, I sent my boys to the grandparents to live as I could not care for them the way they deserved. My mother was terminally ill at this point, my relationship with the father was falling apart and sending my boys away was the final straw. What happened next I'd rather not say.Anyway a social worker and other professionals have worked with my boys and the impact on them living with me and my illness was huge, especially on my eldest lad and it was recorded that he had suffered 'emotional abuse' due to his constant worries about me and my inability to deal with his concerns. I had inadvertently neglected the children I loved so much. Over the past 2 yrs I have been through so much and worked so hard to get myself better, and recently started a legal battle to get my boys back home with me. Every day it pains me to think how I let those boys down, how I allowed my illness to strip me of all that I was and all I cared about to the point where i gave up on life. Yes I have fought back, and so many friends tell me just how far I have come, but after struggling over the past couple of weeks I'm starting to doubt if I could really be the mother I want to be for my children, or if I would only let them down again. I can't afford to let them down again. Thinking of them is what has got me through so far and the thought of unwillingly hurting them again is more than I can bare.

Pushing awayStarted by Stella180?, 24-01-15 10:27 AMYet again I find someone getting too close in my life and I can't handle it.In recent months a friend I've known for about 14 yrs and I have bonded. She's had a few issues that I could relate to and I've tried to be there for her when she needed someone. At the same time when I was being slated the other week she stood up for me and put her neck on the line which I was incredibly touched by cos nobody in my life has ever done something like that for me before. This lass is well liked and respected by many but I don't really fit in with the same kinda people as her. I can see this is causing friction and it's making me feel bad. I don't want her to lose other friends over her friendship with me and although she says she doesn't care it upsets me so much I just wanna walk away and leave her be. Several times I've told her this and the answer keeps coming back, 'I'm not going anywhere. Why are you trying to push me away?'I know what I'm doing but I really do not feel worthy of her support and friendship. I don't believe I have anything to really offer in return and I am one more burden she could do without. I wish I could be a better person so that I didn't feel so inferior to others so worthless, and then maybe I wouldn't feel the need to keep people at arms length and push them away.I'm a social misfit that simply can't maintain any kind of long term friendships or relationships and end up alienating everybody that tried to get close to me.It all hurts too much :(Started by Stella180?, 25-12-14 05:20 PMI managed to put on a brave face for the 3hrs I spent at my sisters and dinner was lovely but now I'm home and the tears are falling once again. For me christmas is about family and as much as I'd moan when they were still with us I really miss visiting my mum and dad christmas morning, and not being with or even able to see my boys on christmas day and the smiles on their faces and their eyes lighting up as they open their presents is heart breaking. Not to be able to hug them and kiss them and show them just how much they mean to me is cutting me up inside. This pain is more than I can stand. I could get hit by a bus and the physical pain wouldn't come close to this mental torture. I just wanna make it all go away.How to ask for HelpStarted by Stella180?, 30-01-15 10:58 PMThis is going to sound a bit strange maybe but I have been in some pretty dark places in my life and even now just on a general day to day basis I am struggling, but I really don't know how to ask for help. I can discuss past events with relevent ease, even if it's 'I felt like this an hour ago', but in the moment when things are really bad or I just can't cope with regular stuff and it's getting me down I can't talk about it. I go quiet and shut myself away from the world and try to cope with the situation myself, and usually very poorly.How do I stop myself from backing away? As I've said here previously, I could never call the Samaritans or other helplines even at my worst, I couldn't physically do it, and Rose has mentioned about how she visited A&E during a difficult time but I couldn't dream of doing soething like that. What would I do or say? I'd feel silly and embarrassed. It's hard enough for me to admit how I feel to a GP when I'm feeling low and often don't tell the full story.How do I break down the barriers to allow me to communicate better in my hour of need instead of hiding away?Such a let down.Started by Stella180?, 02-02-15 03:36 PMSo much for the weekend. I was supposed to be going out for drinks Friday night with friends to celebrate their birthdays but made my excuses and stayed home alone and retreated to my bedroom. Saturday morning I was up bright and early and determined to do something constructive before seeing my boys, so found myself on my hands and knees scrubbing the floors. The boys were over half hour late and left 15 mins early but still enjoyed the time we had together and had some lovely cuddles from my youngest. I got home, took the dog for a walk to the shop with me and when I got back again sought sanctuary in my bedroom and haven't left since. I can't believe how badly I am struggling right now, at a time when I should be proving how strong I am. I've let people down this weekend and caused upset to another friend on here which was certainly not my intention but I've done all that from my bed. No wonder hardly anyone likes me in the real world. I need to find help from somewhere. I'm scared of slipping any further.Maintaining friendshipStarted by Stella180?, 20-02-15 07:12 AMYou may already have got the impression that I am a happy go lucky kind of person who doesn't have a shy bone in my body. Talking to members of the public one to one, and approaching strangers isn't something I have an issue with. I am happy to strike up a conversation with most folk without it being a struggle which is something I know a few of the people here find much more difficult so being friendly and forming relationships/friendships with people isn't a problem.However I do have a serious problem with intimacy, both physically and mentally. Anything more that a handshake makes me feel extremely uncomfortable, and emotionally I am a fortress. Heavily guarded with high walls. Some folk are not put off by the challenge of getting close and sometimes I let them in but it never takes long before I become obsessive to a point where I make others uncomfortable or I push them away thru fear on hurting them or being hurt myself, or because I don't feel I am worthy of their friendship.Again a small minority of people insist that I am worth the effort and stick around, for a while anyway. They are the ones I class as my truly closest friends but no surprises for guessing what happens next...yep I do or say something to offend them and piff paff puff, as if by magic they disappear because I have upset them.In the past 6 months or so this has happened more frequently than ever before. I think it's better to keep people at arms distance than to let them in to see the real me, cos clearly that person isn't very likeable.Am I a fraud?Started by Stella180?, 28-02-15 12:48 AMThis is something that has been bugging me. On several occasions I have been told that I do not appear to have a mental illness by professionals, and most recently was 2 weeks ago. So I have been asking myself am I really ill? At least 3 Mental Health professionals have seen me and stated that in their opinion I was not displaying typical signs of depression because I can maintain eye contact with someone, hold a conversation and laugh at appropriate moments. Well thats if then, 3 mental health experts all with a long list of letters after their names say I look fine so one of two things must be true a. I am a very good actress when it comes to covering it upb. There is actually nothing wrong with me.I am starting to doubt myself. Am I genuinely ill? Am I using depression as an excuse for being lazy? Is this something I made up in my head? Maybe I could stop taking the meds and get out in the world and survive just like every other tom dick or harry. I don't think there is any doubt that I was very ill at one stage of my life but am I still playing on that, when I should have got over it and moved on a long time go? 3 ppl can't all be wrong. It must be me. I shouldn't be here wasting the time of such thoughtful caring people who genuinely do have problems, when there is actually nothing wrong with me that a good hard shake wouldn't sort out. I tick most of the boxes where depression symptoms are concerned but does that really make me depressed. I really don't know any moreSo AloneStarted by Stella180?, 03-03-15 12:22 AMTonight I have spent alone with just the dog for company when I really needed to get out and be around people even tho I'm not feeling very sociable myself if that make any sense at all.All my friends are totally wrapped up in their own lives right now and with the next installment of the court process being 12hrs away no one has had time to ask or care about me, how I feel, if there is anything I need. My solicitor is away and I have some woman I've never met taking up the slack. Yes there have been a few small battles won but its gonna start getting tough from here on in and I feel like I've been deserted. Im struggling so much right now and craving a great big hug and someone to tell me they are with me. My sleep pattern has gone out the window the past few days even while taking the Mirtazapine and I'm asking myself if I can reach the end of this cos every slight knock is hitting me for six. Its a pain im no stranger to but my level of resistance is slipping and I am so scared. I don't even know why I'm writing this post other than to get it out of my head and I'm sorry for laying it at your door but I don't feel like I have anywhere I can turn and feel comfortable about it.

Can't cope *triggers*Started by Stella180?, 11-03-15 01:47 AThe panic is setting in. Since yesterday I have been a wreck and it's taking all my strength to stop myself from doing something I may regret later. I found myself sitting with a bottle of whiskey and the urge to take all my meds. I tried to speak to the CMHT today regarding a GP referal from a month ago and all I was told was, my case was discussed in a meeting and someone will be in contact with my GP, which means no doubt that I am being turned down yet again. I then found myself thinking, why am I trying so hard not to stop myself only to be ignored? Maybe if I just went ahead and did some serious harm I would be taken seriously. I am trying so hard to do the right thing and to sort my life out but everywhere I turn I get pushed away.I know how this sounds but I wish I'd never started this legal fight for my kids. They were the reason for me to try and get myself better and I was doing pretty well too. So well that I thought I was in the right place for them to come home but since starting this my MH has taken a major nose dive and it's like everything I have achieved in the past two years has gone down the pan. I worked so hard and for what? I'm back to being the sniveling wreck I was back then. Only difference being I've got nobody else to blame this time around.I have an assessment on Friday and I am in no way fit and ready for this but if I cancel it's gonna look bad, and if I don't, it's really not going to go well. I just don't know what to do. I'm ashamed of myself for feeling the way I do and having the thoughts I have which is probably why I chose to write this thread in the middle of the night when there is less traffic on the forum.When knowledge isn't enough.Started by Stella180?, 17-04-15 10:03 AMI'd class myself as a person of reasonable intelligence and I have a good understanding of my illness. I can identify my 'irrational behaviors' and try to keep myself relatively well balanced. I am pretty tough on myself but I feel I have to be cos no one will. It's just that sometimes I see the signs, I can see what's happening but I feel powerless to stop it and that leads to a conflict in my head. A part of me is screaming to fight back while the other part of me is saying, no I'll just rest a while and I'll be ok later. This is the part of the illness I hate the most. Ironically this determination not to let depression win leads to me being more erratic and irrational to the point where I implode.I have noticed lately a need to find a reason for feeling down. Yes I accept I have an illness but if I have a reason to feel low that somehow makes it ok. I remember when I had my year of hell in 2013, people were telling me how I was dealing so well under difficult circumstances and when I did go off the radar it was 'understandable considering...' I hated hearing that cos for me I had been struggling with day to day things for years but I was only getting support from people when I went thought serious upheaval effectively losing my whole family in the space of 5 months. I think it was easier to deal with the 'real' torment than the fictitious one in my head and this has somehow become a part of my coping strategy.I shouldn't be making excuses for the way I feel. And is it so bad to just admit yes I'm struggling but that's cos I'm ill? I think I'm scared of letting it back in taking control of me like it did before.


 The ups and downs are exhausting.Started by Stella180?, 28-04-15 07:09 PMYesterday I woke up feeling a bit low, late afternoon I was feeling pretty good but as the evening went by I gradually got worse and worse, I woke up this morning feeling quite numb really and as the day went on slowly I was getting back to being myself again. I tested out the new strimmer before throwing myself in the bath while singing along to Meatloaf (god help my neighbours and now I'm buzzing looking forward to going out but I fear it won't last long. I'm up and down like a whores drawers.Been a while since I was this bad and I hope it doesn't last long

