Relapsed *****Triggers******Started by Miss Molly?, 02-04-15 04:43 PMNot been here for a while as was getting on with stuff. Now I have sadly relapsed, things not been good for weeks now, though having put that, have still been helping at Foodbank and attending social group, a new Mindfullness group and started Nordic Walking this week.However, stuff has got on top of me and now been referred to Mental Healtg Team for 4th time. First few times I was told, 'To get out,' which I have. Started unlimited counselling, person centred and been going forward nicely. Some of you shall remember some of my past posts regarding my grandsons, well they have been adopted and though, I know they shall be looked after, it hurts to see other people doing what they do with their grandchildren.I feel I'm being punished for something I haven't done !! Seemed to be coping ok but now I feel hopeless and ending it.I've got numbers for Crisis Team and a CPN rang me earlier, as did MIND. I've been out in the sunshine with my dogs this afternoon. I've come back here as it helped me before. I know that I am in need of Bereavement counselling and shall be asking yet again for some. My counsellor I see once per week and hope some more help can be found for me. I've managed without meds since before Christmas, they were masking my feelings and that was no good for me personally. My counsellor agrees that they were not doing me any favours and without them, I was managing to deal with stuff. I have got confused as one person says I need to do more, another says I'm doing too much!!! I've managed to lose a little weight since off the meds and was really chuffed. Even been on a DeChox, no chocolate for the whole of March, raised £81.50 for British Heart Foundation. So no one can say I haven't tried getting on with life. I just need to get back on track but getting fed up of having to pick myself up - there's been so many times!Not sleeping wellStarted by Miss Molly?, 12-01-15 04:27 PMOr more like, not getting to sleep! I've stopped looking at the time and just try to relax. Sometimes I read before bed, even if I feel real tired!Once asleep I have nightmares, of which I cannot remember when I wake up.So I shall get an appointment with my doctor.During the Christmas holidays I have found myself in front of the tv a lot!Slept in til midday sometimes and don't feel like getting up.However, I'm now into about a month or so of counselling and some of what im talking about is very difficult for me. Some of what's happened to me in the past, well, just not ready to talk about.There is no maximum to the number of sessions, so that's good, ok it means me driving to Hull every week, though I love to drive and listen to Ellie Golding.Think it may be time to play Diana Ross, 'I will survive.'Well I have to laugh, as just have no tears anymore!Do know something though, I'm entering Race for Life this year, like last year and intend to do better than last years time.