Please Help Me, Help My Brother!   SJuniorj , 30 Apr 2015Dear readers, Good evening!  This might be a little of a read so, please sit tight. First and foremost I'm 25 moving on to 26, my brother is 26. We grew up in a poverty-stricken area our whole lives, normally, as kids in the inner-city. We never were aware of the dangers as children, we in fact fell into the violence and were leading down a mountain snowball style, and slowly building up to an avalanche. By this point, we were out of control..our parent's couldn't "tame" us as others would say and I ended up dropping out of school; however my brother did not. Story-short, our lives changed dramatically by the age of 14. Our parents cut us off socially from the friends we hung out with and they moved us onto other things like, supported habits of video-games and excessive staying at home watching TV and being a couch potato. We loved it. We got used to it and I ended up never leaving the house again for years, while my brother for the first year was still continuing and being perfectly normal till 9th" grade(so to speak, I meant my parents couldn't control me, my brother was the "innocent" type). He ended up leaving school and following suite with  me, and to mention my brother has always been close with me, so to say "follows me" even though I am the younger one, but I've always displayed a sort of "can't break me" attitude that he admired but never verbally praised. It came to a point my parents were blaming me for him staying home. Anyways, after 2 or 3 years pass by and we're 16-17 years old by now, I end up moving on in life. However, my brother did not. Now I'm talking almost 8-9 years ago and he's still in the house. It kills me, it's part of my depression. I've changed my life drastically. It's hard to describe our whole life in detail and what I think lead to this; but to fast forward to date, he's at a point in time I only wish he can change. However, my brother is very difficult. He doesn't like change, and he likes to blame. He's always been an introvert growing up; but still maintained friends and good relationships with the likes. He's changed so much and I'd hate to put it; a hermit. He rarely showers, rarely shaves, rarely cuts his hair and rarely ever takes care of himself. Now, he's at a point in time where he realizes all of these things and speaks about change. But, this word change was going on for the past couple years. Even though now he talks about it more and wants to go out, he keeps saying "2 weeks" "1 month" or "I'm gunna shower and cut my hair to get ready to go out"; but that never happens! He;s a smart person. He kind of self-educated himself these years over the internet. That's his life. Have mercy if the internet is cut off. However, the bigger problem now is, because he's never been out or socialized with anyone over the course of 8-9 years, I can notice awkwardness, fear and other uncomfortable emotions in him when we speak. Conversation is short, sometimes it feels great, but most of the time he would scurry away and then come back to me on another idea; I can sense now he is trying to making effort to socialize, at least with me; because now that I have a son and a wife, I must be with them. But moving on in life is very hard for me whenever I come to visit my parents. He opens the room door and yells for my mother to see if anyone is in the home, or else he won't come out. He will only come out if I am alone, but never with my wife. We have to call ahead of time, so he goes in. I do it just out of respect and would hate to push my brother into a very uncomfortable situation. Before I lose everyone reading this(hopefully you're still reading), I must say he is talking a lot now about changing his life, but I want to turn that talk into action. I have so many things in my life to think about, and when I think of how to help my brother I get lost. I get to a point where I feel I can't help him, but I'm the only one that can help him. A little abour our parents, they're good people. They're loving, at least my mother. My father never really cared much, but that's because of culture and he is roughly 18 years older than my mother. Since we were misbehaving kids, our father gave up on us. Not to mention, he was working 14 hour shifts everyday, during the day, no holidays off. Now, my father is ill, came out of brain surgery and my mother takes care of him. My parents pretty much don't know what to do with my brother, and they're not intellectually capable of thinking of helping him. Sorry if that's disrespectful, but it's the truth. They support his food, his internet but fear him because everythimg my mother tries to talk to him, he lashes out at her and quickly dismisses her conversation. My mother is too nice in other words. However, it kills her too..and it's killing her. My mother fell into depression and was diagnosed with Major Depression Disorder and is currently on prescription medicine. Inside, she wants it to change, but she's more spritual than technical. Anyways, right now I am trying to spend more time with my brother and socialized to a point maybe in the future he will ask to come out with me( I constantly ask if he wants to do this, that, and what not). However, I am lost. I must also say, he knows he has depression, he knows he has social anxiety and he knows he's not normal right now, but how can I change him? How can I have him go out and see a doctor? We've tried, I've tried, my mother has tried but he will just dismiss the conversation. What do we do? For those that read, my apologies. I only wish I could of put what I had to say, shorter, but this is as short as I could have made it. My life alone is a book, and if he was to change his, it would be a 2 part series. I appreciate you reading and hope you have some answers and suggestions for me! Thank you!