My little purge, just need to talkHello, just need to talk anonomously, thanks for listening. I've been feeling depressed, having a bit of a downward spiral, not suicidal or anything, just spiralling sad, no sure what to do. I keep pulling myself out and have been good for long whiles however not doing so great lately.I think a large part of it has to do with I was finally getting out and connecting with likeminded people in a club I enjoyed being a part of but, a certain high ranking member seems to be insecure  and possessive of "his" members and me talking to people he has decided are not to be associated with has landed me in a bad place. Doesn't help he's telling other members lies about things I've never said or done either. There's no other similar clubs in my area and I really miss many of the members which I got along well with.  I could come back (although likely excluded from many events) if I decide to do some grovelling and and shut up and not have anything to do with those he doesn't like, haven't been able to bring myself to do it though. Should I? I mean it'd go against my principles and likely be pretty awkward and depressing when all the others are out at social events I won't be allowed to go to at times but at least I'd get out sometimes. I'm a very introverted person who has taught myself to be a "pretend extrovert" since  I have to deal with people all day, but to be honest, I often end up exhausted doing this. How do I deal with that? By isolating myself out of work hours so I can recharge. What does that do? It makes me more isolated and basically at work/by myself kind of circle. Little interactions with friends. Most stopped inviting me to anything years ago and fell out of touch. I have no close friends any more. No one I can really talk to. I've never had a partner, I can't let anyone that close. I feel I'll end up alone forever. Certain people seem to insist on pointing that out- ie what's wrong with you. Surely someone would have you? I feel if I were to die, the only side of me people would remember is what I did for a living. Morbid thought I know, but there's so much more to me that no one really sees anymore.