Depression (sorry if it's poorly written) I'm under the suscpcian that I have been depressed for all my life but in the last week recently it's really hit me. A year ago (when i was 19) I had a psychotic episode i sucspect brought on by depression and did things which screwed things up. It ended when I came to except the thing that was aproaching, which i now belive was depression. I've heard it described as a mist which is what I would call it. Can't think so this will come out poorly. I did everything to fight it and one by one they failed or got obssesional or hurt sombodys feelings.ÊI never though have felt it this bad until the past week it's litterly the worst thing i've ever experieced which makes other things seem smaller in conparison.ÊAnyway i'm coming of my antipsychotics and starting anti depressents and hoping that that will make it stop. If it can help restore my former better self, my sense of humor and my want for interaction I had as a child then great.ÊJust wrote this hear as it helps to talk about it and I don't really have anyone to do that with. Any advice or questions would be appriciatedSelf destructive behaviour Does anybody get a bit self destructive to deal with depression? I think I do. When i'm expected to do things that I can't possibly do by those closest to me I start obsessing about self destruction. That I can't be worth anything so at least getting self destructive alows me to fix the problem of not doing anything. When the people who are closest to you just get fed up with you and you can't do anything, because there your closest connection to te world you want to be on their side. Even if that means turning on yourself.Last year I got very self destructive and had a psychotic episode where a really but myself through a ringer. I'm trying to sought out my depression before I do it again. Theres no sense of martydom in it I just feel that beating the poop out of myself metaphoricly, less so literlly now a days. Meaning doing things that I know won't be good for me mentally. It would be fine if I could turn the self destructivness into somthing positive, what ever that may be. However because i'm also dealing with depression trying to do anything positive is like trying to walk up a stair case made of quicksand.

Antidepressants questions So I just started antidepressents a couple days ago and i'm feeling a little strange about the whole thing, if anyone can answer ANY of the following questions about their own experience please do so.1. ÊDo you eventually feel smarter as you're less focused on depression?2. Did you retain, gain or get back comedic qualities?3. Did past traumas seem to lift from you. E.G ones that my cause self hatred, self sabotage or stop you from doing certain things?4. any other positive things that happened?P.S I know theese arn't happy pills or magic beans but i'm curious about what to be hopeful for.