  Where does it end?  Dontknowanymore, 2  Hi, I'm 28 I'm a single mother, currently sitting in my house listening to the rain... Doesn't help but there's nothing else to do, no one to turn to, I've had nothing but stress after stress in life and I have no friends, I have a partner but we don't live together. It's hard to speak to him I don't want to make him feel unhappy so I'm choosing to try and keep it to myself. I have two young kids 3 and 5 nursery and school. There dad is not on the scene. I love my kids but often feel resentment. The only time I smile is when I'm with my partner once or twice a week. Other than that I'm a mess in secret. I go from crying in pain of sadness to feeling numb. I don't take my meds because it makes me more numb and like a zombie... Not good when u have kids to get up for. I try my best to look after them, their never without, they have a comfortable life, but ultimately it's the emotional support they need that I fail to give due to resentment and exhausting of being depressed. My family are a mess they bring me more stress I just want them to leave me alone, why? Because I can't be bothered and because I no doubt cause them stress with my state. I have the same routine everyday get up sort kids take kids to school and nursery, tidy, pick them up, sort them food clean clothes etc let them do their own thing play etc read them the occasional books at night is as far I can go because I'm empty inside. They sleep, I sit, I think, too much. I cry, I worry, I cry, I sleep. I have no ambition because I feel worthless I feel unable to make my life better. I worry because I wonder where my life will lead me in 1, 5, 10, 20 years time, because let's face it, every year just seems to get worse. I sit and think my life, there is no point, my kids deserve someone happy, but I am to coward to give it all up, how selfish would I be to have the kids loose their mother the one person they rely on. I want a life where I can be happy just to have a job, go out and work, earn my own money, treat the kids with money I earnt, my anxiety gets in the way, sometimes I struggle to go out on the school run, I do it for my girls, but I stand in the crowd keeping myself to myself. I just want my kids to be proud of me, I want them to be happy, I want me to be happy