Food for thought? Food vs depressionSo if chemicals assist depression, what about chemicals in major foods that cause depression? example Caffeine causes anxiety.Is this why people are going round saying they don't know why they are so depressed.. or that depression comes and goes?Maybe they changed food brands and the second brand uses a preservative that affects the depression.From my eating experience, I eat a lot of mince meat, but then change to chicken for a while.. The mince meat lasts up to a week in the fridge, which I'm sure it shouldn't.I haven't studied it in any way, but what if?- a day before the meatworks, they inject cattle with God knows what including preservatives, and it spreads to the meat, then I get that each day.When I 'change diet' to chicken for a while,- I either get the chicken preservatives which cause worse symptoms, OR I go on withdrawl symptoms from the chemicals in the meat?BTW I've just switched from straight Coke to supermarket brand Cola. Am a bit more steady with the emotions.Losing the ability to resolve things. I am a designer / improver type personality. I think in the past 5 years my ability to resolve things is significantly diminished, and I don't think its my age (47).I used to have a problem designing something, then after a while, find a fix, then that fix would fix something else as well etc.Now. I find that I'm continuously going from one trial solution to another without resolving anything as neither of the solutions actually fix the problem.If feels like I'm abandoned. ie that whatever you want to call'inspiration' (aah! what if you do this in green instead of blue?) has been replaced by the design equivalent of writers block (blank, or a lot of lines on a bit of paper; next day is a lot of lines on another bit of paper and nothing makes sense)Positiveness (a fix will be there) has been replaced by negativity (this will never be fixed)and encouragement (good onyer for trying) from others to discouragement (why are you wasting time on this?).