ÊDo i have schizophrenia?!

I've been aboused by my parents emotionally and physically, I was bullied at school and basically I had a crally life. I've had depression since I was about 7. My depression would come and go from time to time, and I'm usually a very moody person. Lately Iwas rresearching on the internet, and I've seen an article about Schizophrenia, I've read the symptoms and it seemed exactly as I have now and when I was young. Basically I experience Hallucinations a lot, that I would hear someone screaming in the street, I would smell an odor, I would hear someone punching the door and slamming it. I would hear someone talking to me inside my head, and I've even had imaginary friends because I was a loner and I would talk to them out loud sometimes. Now I have 2 imaginary friends, even tho I'm not a loner anymore and have friends. But I still feel like my friends doesn't understand me and I don't like telling how I feel to people because I don't trust them. I also experience delusions , when I was sitting at the beach I thought I have super powers that makes me control the ever, sometimes I think that the devil controls me to do bad things. And I would imagine scary thing at night as if they are going to attack me and my heart starts beating super fast. And I'd also feel that when I'm walking in the street, I've got a feeling that someone is following me and trying to kidnap me. I would even think that there is a secret door in my room that is hidden that leads to another world, I would even imagine that I could fly. Also when I'm just laying at my bed, I've got a feeling that someone behind me is going to stab me. I never feel safe no matter what. I would also be terrified to shower because an earthquake would happen at anytime. And at class I would just sit and feel that the earth moving fast andiI can feel the movement. I also have a lack of concentration, I find it super hard to concentrate at class, even tho if I tried, I just end up daydreaming and staring at nowhere without even realizing my self doing it
I'm not sure if these symptoms are enough, I want to make sure if I have schizophrenia or not. meanwhile i have depression right now. Help?


