An Anti-Psychiatry Successby Cruxx » Sat Feb 21, 2015 7:21 amI might be a success story of sorts, though you would not think so of a hermit. That's right, I finally spat the comfort-dummy and walked out of society. Putting an end to the insults of whitemen for good. Gone back to the Old Ways, as much as can be done in country plagued by whitemen. Everybody assumes that I am schizophrenic, and they are all thoroughly wrong in what they assume. The only hint of mental illness that I have discerned, is that I became a workaholic while at University [now in recovery 2 years]. And, of course, I fit that old cliché which preaches that anybody who thinks everyone else mad is themselves utterly mad. Which is nonsense : as any genius would know. And which any competent observer of mankind would discern, for that matter. I have come here in the faint hope that others of adventurous spirit and competent thinking have been mis-labelled as schizophrenic because they dared perceive or think whatever lies beyond socially-defined fashionable delusions.Meanwhile, my companionship is limited to a silent wolfette who sometimes howls, and the entities of my forest, plants insects and birds [for wildfire wiped out the small mammals]. I like company that does not insist on smalltalk or bravado, and relish all but the bovver Ravens. I've always been different, cannot hide it. My unthinkable aspect wants to be expressed, whatever I am. I trust myself, as distinct from trusting self-importance.My work, my obscure destiny, has been in meta-physics. We've got plenty of scientists working in physics, hoping to win a Nobel lottery prize but for me, the next major step in innovation lies in metaphysics [an unfunded subject of Research which idiotically labels me as mad, bad, and dangerous to know]. No fashionable new Age pretentiousness about being a holier-than-thou godling, but researching beyond-the-physical, and developing aetheric technologies. Had no choice in my vocation ; I was born to be a man of Forbidden Knowledge. Sounds silly, Forbidden Knowledge, as if anyone had the power to impose ignorance. But, despite my skeptical methodology, I have been led to personally proving the reality that there truly are subjects that Everybody avoids like Ebola Virus. So, instead of being schizophrenic [if it exists – I've yet to see adequate evidence] it seems that I am a modern-day Heretic, unmistakably shunned by all. So much for the Enlightenment and the death of demented dark-age religions. Heresy is alive and well in this self-proclaimed "modern age" of systematic ignorance.And heretic I surely am, though everybody calls it schizophrenia ; Why ?Because it gives them a pretext to dismiss my findings without considering its meaning. This, in itself, is evidence that SOMETHING is imposing selective ignorance upon mankind. But, there is more. Much more than irrationally dismissing a lone scientist.Beyond the thinkable, lies the unknown.90% of the universe, 90% of it's mass anyway, is invisible to modern science.! and Everybody Is Not-Looking At It. Very strange, to ignore 90% of the whole universe, as if it were a lifeless desert. The materialist's excuse is that we cannot relate to dark matter in any way imaginable. Nonsense. Blind denial of the tribal "medicine-man", who was sometimes pretty contrary. Those valuable men are gone now, hunted to death by the church of Rome. In their place is courtship-fixation, TV and tarot, with Jesus as our complacent forgive-anything do-nothing backstop. And all these puffs of self-importance with a label for everything and answers to nothing somehow think that it is me who is crazy. Most humans cannot even read properly, let alone do original thinking, but all of them think it's me that is the stupid one. The condition of mankind is a disgrace, far less than our talent provides for. An embarrassment to be of the same species, except the blame lies substantially elsewhere.All ability, all knowledge of metaphysics destroyed by the bulldozer of Saul's wicked invention, Christianity. So : Who benefits by blinding mankind to dark matter ? [dark matter aka aetheric matter, the structure and energetic properties of which Toltec seers described before the agricultural revolution led to Lords and serfs]. What is behind the deadly campaign that sprang forth from Leviticus ? Jehovah's [aka Christ aka Allah] "Thou shalt not suffer a witch [that's us, folks] to live!"Who benefits from blinding mankind to the realm of aetheric matter ? Time to play Detective for real. What have we lost ? Lost by having perception truncated by dogma ?, Dogma imposed by murderous lackeys of a murderous self-proclaimed creator of the universe.It is significant that everybody denies the self-harm done by such absurd values. Killing off the seers [witches], the innovators [heretics], the man from outside of time [schizo]. Who Benefits ? This is the key to understanding our degradation, our humiliating stupidity. Who Benefits ?Only a predator benefits from stupid, predictable prey. Think about this. A farmer wants docile obedient livestock [that's us folks]. Farmers of domesticated primates are the only type of entity to benefit from a crippled mankind. This outrageous idea is a key example of Forbidden Knowledge. Why is it forbidden ? We are blinded to their activities because the predator is weak and lazy. Don't want to fight a defiant human, that much is certain. [but they will try to scare us off, with horrific telepathic impulses and fears of madness].A weak predator that is seemingly invisible : what kind of beast ? A Parasite.! Mankind is mentally and morally crippled by a parasite – how about that ? "The Secret of Secrets", the Toltec seers called this startling idea. Significant that the Toltec seers were all-but-exterminated by the Spanish Inquisition. But some of their knowledge survived underground until published by an enthusiastic anthropologist. Now, it is STILL underground, because Castanada's disclosures of shamanic forbidden knowledge is labelled as fraudulent fiction by those in thrall to the parasites, the "invisible" predators on mankind. Sounds schizoid ? Why not ? It is from among the schizos that the tribal medicine man emerged. Because our perceptions are more sensitive, we can be the protectors of the tribe. Like warriors, the accomplished schizo fights on behalf of those who want peace and family.We fight the evil spirits that are acknowledged in every cultural tradition, including Bible worshippers. While the church ruled, we burned at the stake to intimidate the villagers with the power of dogma. Now the church is a mere political party, we schizos are systematically disregarded as mentally ill. How is that ? In a way, the parasites are an impressive adversary, even though they fight dirtier than we. Many wannabe sorcerers come unglued under the pressure applied by the parasites. Always was a dangerous profession, those who failed to master Reasoning and Sobriety are lost. But they cannot kill us directly – that is sure, or we schizos would soon be weeded out of the herd. Good news for us loonies amongst the forbidden knowledge. Often they trick us into suicide, for they are masterful manipulators. Each individual must fight for sanity, against the deceit and cruelty of the parasite. You think sanity is something you are born with ? Like toes and hair ? Not so. Sanity is a personal accomplishment that modern men do not strive for. Instead they strive for status and comfort, regardless of unseen consequences. Investing effort in sanity has enabled me to live contented and at ease, with time enough to pass on my findings to any schizo who dares to defy the taboo on knowledge of reality. I will help as opportunity presents, but always remember ; the work of evolving our Self is an individual task. We reap what we have sown. Such is Life.