ÊHi new person here with some questions about schizophrenia:I am not certain that I have schizophrenia but after doing my homework on what may be wrong with me I seem to identify with most all of the symptoms I took the sanity score and it told me I scored 100% for schizophrenia and lower on everything else the other two red barred ones were depression and disassociation and phobias. but not as high of a percentage.I know something isn't right with me I keep seeing and hearing things I am 17 I started having these things happen to me last year and at first I wrote it off as stress or lack of sleep but they kept getting worse and worse till the voices were telling me my pets were dead or put thoughts in my head of self harming myself with whatever object I was holding they would tell me I am worthless or pathetic and they would mock me There were times when I was wondering if I was possessed or going crazy I see things normally people they come and go before my eyes they are like ghosts or something and if I am staring at something for long enough of time I may see a face or a person in the corner of my eye or even right in front of me when I make myself aware of them they vanish. I find it hard to focus on anything at all and I have lack of motivation or interest I find it hard to keep on track or to finish anything anymore I never used to be like this I used to be on top of my game I feel like I Don't know I just feel so confused and scared and I look at myself in the mirror I don't seem like me I scare myself when I see myself I don't know what to do I don't know where to turn..I am too afraid to tell my parents I don't know how to approach this situation I don't want to be rejected or the opinions that people have of me to change I can't handle that I am already too self conscience how can I tell them? what will they think? why is this happening to me? I am too young to be losing my mind I want to do so many things in my life but what if I can't because I will lose it and be in some asylum somewhere for the rest of my life or on the streets or dead. I just need some comfort I need a hug and I need to be given hope again because I am losing it..I need to understand what is happening to me more I have weird thoughts I have paranoia that other people always know what is on my mind and that people are out to hurt me or ruin my self image I fear people attacking or killing me so I get nervous when I am alone it makes me not want to go outside anymore but I have to and it complicates me I do not like being around doctors so how will I be able to open up to a psychiatrist? I already don't trust most people well enough to open up in person to them which is why it is so easy to open up online... My question is what do I do? what direction do I take? I feel so lost...How do I tell my parents? why are these weird changes happening to me? and will I ever succeed in life? will I live past 17?