Êconfused by my thoughtsplease read and reply to this if you have any experience with any of the things im about to tell you. im EXTREMELY CONFUSED.i dont know what i really believe or what i really am. this is partly attributed to dissociation, i believe...anyway i ekeep going through these different thoughts and they are all swirling around in my head because i dont know what is true. maybe they are all true. i will number them. sometimes i believe them all simultaneously, sometimes one at a time, and sometimes i just dont care. but it is like im shifting between these fantasy world things. i am medicated and see a doctor but i have yet to find any medicine that really helps with anything. ive had a relatively calm day today and yesterday though.Here are my beliefs.written briefly. i understand that they conflict but they are still all true for me, separately. i dont know how to describe it. like, one of me believes one, while another me believes the next.1.i think that i created the world and that everything i interact with is a simulation from my mind. only the things i interact with exist. and when i stop interacting with it, it ceases to exist. this goes for travel and people. i am actually all alone and this makes me very sad...because everything is my creation. it also means that nothing really matters. i created myself and when i die it starts all over again and i have another shot at the world.2.im actually dead and this is purgatory. everyone else is also in this purgatory but no one really knows, only some people realize it. im searching for absolution somehow.3.im actually a prophet and i can feel gods presence. this is what "i believe" right now. i dont know who god is though...but i know i am cared for and have my own power.4. this is the scariest one, which i also believe almost all of the time, regardless. the most important one. i am just part of a simulation and a hologram. there are glitches in the world that i see often. someone is controlling me and my life and everyone i know is fake and wants to hurt me. im scared they will see this post...im scared that people are out to get me and i fear being murdered everyday. a demon was put in my mind in order to cause the chaos that i feel. i bellieve this is why i have confusing thoughts and is the cause for these different "fantasy worlds" i am living in. it is an attempt to get my mind away from the truth perhaps. this is all a project of some sort. other people are either there to harm me, or they are also part of the simulation, or they are artificial intelligence and do nothing. my mind feels fracturedsorry if this was hard to understand. i dont know what to believe any more though.i see a pattern though . in all of these situations, i am unsure of myself. i dont what i really am! who did this to me.