Please see a doctor if you have schizophrenia and talk to him. A lot of the things in here are what I used to help me. What I went through, And opinions I have. But really see a doctor they have pills for pretty much everything now. That could help you. Please read the whole thing and look at every thing else posted to know everything Schizophrenia or reality Schizophrenia an open mind. I’m gonna tell you right now, those voices in your head are real people. To anyone not sure yet. Your head could start to feel like you’re in a real noisy room with a lot of people talking to you and around you and you have a hangover X2. They may even be in there and stay silent. Its just like talking to people. Its pretty simple just think of someone and your in there head ( I think, sorry never tried it). The number one thing they don‘t want you to have is money. The people in your head may have been in there for a long time, maybe even since childhood. They like to know everything about you, possibly do. There trying to make you a social outcast, one reason could be cause most of these people were in your head and they don’t see the difference in getting what they want from the relationship from just being in your head and actually being in your life. Another so you don’t have friends that you might need later, to make you lonely cause schizophrenia is a symptom of loneliness or supposedly starts when you are. It may feel like there your thoughts but there not. They try to embarrass you cause of all the other people that maybe watching or other people in your head or to repeat in your head later. They don’t want you to have confidence. I think a lot of them do it to make them selves feel better. I know I cant believe there actually people like that in the world either. They’ll pick fights for you and get you in trouble with the law. If they can’t get you to do it by being in your head they’ll try it in person. They make you paranoid by making you think about thinks and worry. The rest will steal torture what ever they can. My head become enclosed and unrepentant. They pretty much get every thing from things you hear, see, say and do. But know what other people in your head are doing and people that might be in your life. If you loose control and there in the right spot they can control what you say and do. For like a second or two. They tend to stay on topics that from you life, it would a reason why you would think its you. Some times there like a support group. They’ll hype you up. Some of them don’t really want you to think, and start thinking for you. I will never depend on them. I’d rather find out myself. So I know it its true or not. Or so I don’t feel like an idiot later. Sometimes I do it to so the person in my head feels like one. Put him in place and let him know he’s a freak. Since they where trying to think for me my brain wasn‘t thinking as much and I needed to find ways to stimulate it. Sometimes they try to make or what would seem like every thought go through your head. I think there doing this cause there are people in the world that can see the future and there trying to make it look like it’s the thoughts that make me see it. I stay with the mind set that these people are trying to ruin you life. No matter what thought goes through your head. The ones trying to do this will be very persistent. Some more then the others. They like to read to you when your reading a book. But when you stop they stop. So you don't use your brain. The thinks they say if you go though it long enough it will start to repeat. I guess no one can stay original all the time. They tried to make me reject things. With feeling they had towards it.. Other things like smelling things. I found it felt like my brain woke up a little when I smelled thing. Basically maintaining my senses. The people in your head can smell the things you smell and vice versa. They saw everything I saw. They love to beat a person emotionally. It’s the most common and most repeated thing in my head, I think they get off on it. Make them selves feel better. Something like what a kid at school might go through. They learn a lot about you from spending so much time in your head. Some times even making up different scenarios. They might start emulating you in other peoples head, or even in real life. They might know more from going in heads of people in your life or others in your head. Some of them only want to be in your head. They might start copying people in your head. Doing the same things they do to you. They’ll try really hard to make you think there someone else. They’ll try being different people to find someone you might be comfortable with being in your head. When I’m thinking or have a thought they like to finish my thought in your head. Make them selves feel like it was there thought and make me think they thought it. I’ve never gone into anyone’s head so I know all things I think of are mine. Sometimes it was like a play by play of what was doing, thinking, feeling. Even though the feeling weren’t mine. You can tell there in your head from a slight sensation in your head. The sensation can go from slight to massive headaches. The headache is, well it feels like its stretching your brain. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been laying there on the couch, cause every time I tried to do some work the would make so many ways to screw me up. And seen someone falling, and my legs moved like it were falling. Which makes me believe that your brain things its you falling or there brain thoughts rippled from there brain to mine. They like to play around with peoples emotions. Make a person sad or happy. Angry or restless. tired or awake examples of things they made me feel. Simply put I was feeling there emotions and how they were. Some of them think they are you and start feeling for things they think you should feel for. Some of the feelings may come from things someone may make you think in your head. I learned to ride them out. When someone says something someone in my head started feeling for it. A lot of the times they would say things that were like who cares things but cause the person in my head would try to make me feel for it, I realized its not the way I feel. My eyes glistened for no reason at times and teared some times too. Cause some people really thought it was a sad time. Don’t get me wrong I went through hell and have feelings but some of em felt for every second. I learned to ignore it and live through it. They may give you a shot of bliss before they rape you for your thoughts. They started doing it the other way round now. Bliss could either be makin you feel happy or that mind trick the monks learned. Or someone in my head felt really happy about what was happening. Just so its fresh in your head. Already a page into it. These people doing this to you can be any one. Family, Friends, People you went to school with, People you just met. Anyone. Your Neighbors. You can tell where they are from the pressure on your head and the sound of there voice. Hollywood or depending on where you live, lets just say writers to start then move on to producers and TV. Your government, neighboring governments. Big corporations, Rich people, poor people. People you work with or worked with. People that know people you know. I some how ended up with the world in my head. They might also just stay in there and be silent. Be careful how you approach people when you call them on it. Some of them just freak out. Hollywood is important people want to be famous. writers write about the lives of people and songs are usually about a persons life, songs are a story being told. From my experience Hollywood will do any and everything. To believe them will make a fool of yourself. With them its about making money and keeping fame and there money. TV / Radio personality's will do anything to gain that fame. Hollywood survives on knowing how difficult it would be for a person to prove anything. And playing people. The law. Cops don’t give a crap about what your going through, And wont for a second thing about going after the people in your head or helping you. Telling them you have schizophrenia gives them an excuse to arrest you. I could go further with what cops think of em selves but I won’t. Hears a short story. I was walking to the store one day to get cigar and a some how gotz me where a couple of pretty good looking’s girls were walkin a head of me. They were wearing a lot of perfume and I could smell it from down the hole block. When I met saw at the store I told them it. They looked like they were 15 or 16. Guess what the next day im walking to the store again didn’t see the girls this time but I did see a cop about 25 or 26 parked on the same road doing almost nothing. They haven’t done any think to help me to date and know all about my problems. For some reason im the talk of the world. And yes they are in my head too. With the cops its not what happened its what you can prove and same with the rich, I guess it can be true with any one. Hey kids smoking really is bad for your health and it actually does stun your growth. Another thing you won't believe how often the police lie, im sure if you turn your phone into a recorder you'll more likely then not catch them in one. The police have made it apparent they wanted some say in this paper. haveing don't nothing to help me but made sure there would be a place for them in this paper. Because they knew i would write it. Im pretty sure its to stop people from killing others people and making more crimes. Because we all know how much they hate paper work. I don't why. I felt the feelings of the person in my head and vise versa ( They feel every thing I felt not just emotions). They can feel what your high on and vise versa. Ya every thing your body feels. So think twice before starting drugs. A lot of the times they might not even need to talk in your head, To get what they want outta you. Your brain when there in there, pretty much feels the same way there’s does. And acts like there’s. My brain felt real dumb at times. When I was trying to learn or start working. I got annoyed awkward feelings in my head. Day jobs were ok just the extra things I was trying to do. At times it felt like it could be ADD. Green tea is good for that. There might be a whole situation with your teeths too. but i think its a good trade off. they can send images to other people. Since there in your head or cause your minds are connected. The images they think or see you see. They can also implant memories, or it might feel like a memory. I don’t’ believe a think that people say in my head. If I do I give them some thing to work with. Nor do I trust the images sent in my head. It affected my mind and body connection. It also gets a little harder to talk when there in your head sometimes. you might have to put more effort into the things you do. Also more care. Cause they occupy the bottom mid center of the brain that’s where your gonna have to put in more strength there. My body did not respond to things as it should have when I was talking to people. Your brain and body doesn’t enjoy things as it should. One reason cause they might not feel the same way about it that you do. And also cause they again cause they occupy this space. Yes they can hear each other and you when you talk, you when you think too. One of them may start talking to the others. The people in your head might start thinking there your thoughts. Most the assholes want you to think they are your thoughts. If you ever meet them. So they’ll act like your thinking the thoughts that go through your head. What there saying can go from a hovering over your brain to inside your brain. The person pretending to be you talks to them from in the brain. He may also try to control the things you say from there. They talk and make you think things and try to make your mind up for you. The people in your head can see the dreams you have just like how they see through your eyes. Its cause its what you see. They talk in your dreams too. It almost feels like your awake in those ones. They call it lucid dreams. You can see the people in your head in your dreams too. For the most part dreams are a combination of what people are thinking. Not necessarily from what your thinking. Remember how I said that the thinks these people are say can go from hovering to inside your brain. The things that they say that make it to the bottom mid center of the brain, become a part of the dream you might have that night. For some reason your brain thinks its your thoughts. I found that when you don’t sleep with an alarm clock and you wake up after your sleep, feeling not tired any more and go back to sleep it feels amazing and the dreams you have then too… Also the nights I ate foods high in protein or turkey cause its got that thing in it. The things they focus on includes your dreams. I’m not saying you’ll find all the people in your head this way but I have enough confirmation for me that a lot of them where in my head. You might start liking some of the things they do. The goods things. If you give in you might start living a life in your head. They might try to make you more like them. Pick what you like about yourself and take out what you don’t. There is a energy that people are over whelmed with. It may feel a little awkward when its going through you. There are religious ways to get rid of it. Yoga is a good way there are different types of yoga. What your doing there is clearing out your chakras. Plain out yoga is one you might be interest in taking. The simplest method I found was to breath it out. I don’t know if they know but Hindu’s pour water over a rock and the energy gets transferred in to it. Think twice before starting to do drugs. When you start doing drugs with schizophrenia your not just doing it for you, your supporting two more peoples habits now. And also I excessive drugs may take you from being a borderline schizophrenic to full out where your hearing voices every day none stop. They like to attack when you impaired. Drugs and alcohol. All you kid thinking of doing drugs watch basketball dairies first. O ya also consider a job in the hooker industry. What society wants you to do. Society being the people that do this to others. I’ll make it quick and simple. Think it, Dream it, be it and let someone steal it. Here’s the funny think when the rich and famous are stealing from you. Others will join them. Its like everyone else is doing it. They’ll find ways to discredit you even before you know there doing this to you, bring you down suicidal. Every thing in there power to stop you. And even manipulate your mind to thinking every things okay. There‘s the law to worry about but with out friends, personally I don‘t think anyone can make it out of this mess.. If the government is also involved and not doing anything it gives these people free rein over you. Trust me on this the government does not care. If they get it from your head or a social media site. Some people call them demons. They may be doing it feel like one. Seeing how 40% of the population has schizophrenia. I was stupid to not see that people that were friends were in my head. Its gives them something to talk about. Some may even seek out others in your head to be friends with them or for help to keep things they steal from you. Keep this in mind with out friends you probably wont make it out. Other things that may help. Isolating each voice and persons to find out what they want or are trying to do. I found a lot of the people by just doing regular things. Social media sites if found this way but with all the crap going on with them its also an easy way for them to find you. I feel that if anyone wanted to help you they’d come to you in person. Read a dictionary or a book or two, You’ll need to have a vocabulary. Music soothes them sometimes and might change your mood. They really get into it when your watching movies sometimes. Making your own decisions as hard as it might get to make. I like getting good advise form people that know what there doing so I don’t make the stupid decisions they try to get you to make. Weather your brain excepts it is up to you. You could try getting smarter. They love to pick on the weak. One reason to make them selves feel better. They like to joke about it. The one that know make friends this way. They Don’t won’t want fight back. Talk to people or yourself ( It helps retain when you talk to yourself). When I have nothing to do I listen to them but ignore them if they want a response. Asking yourself why is very important, when your doing things, living life, having problems or whatever.. I love it when they get to here other peoples opinion on things and how they change there mind on it. Smelling things. Reading even though they might start reading the same thing you are. It will stimulate you brain and you could always get a brand new book if they start doing it. There are highs and lows but almost always after the lows there are highs, Learn to live with what’s happening in your and be normal. The Puppet I say puppet cause there trying to control you. Remember they know so much about you. Using any method they can to do it. Cause they were in my head it was harder to understand things at times. And cause I was feeling what they felt it was harder to be myself. The emotional beating I mentioned earlier might lead to suicidal thoughts. If you ever encounter them they’ll do things in person to make you suicidal. If you work with these people good luck to you. Try not to let things overwhelm you. After hearing them for as long as I did, Its all stupid and not backed up by any thing. If there is you can always change yourself for the better. You have to again pay attention to the feeling they may might be trying to make you feel and be like is this the way I feel your someone wants me to feel. With all the crap I was going through I started paying attention to as much as I could. But I never really cared about what people was saying in my head. I know I can apologies for the things I say but the actions a person takes have consequences. I also had someone in my head that would listen to the things being said in my head or what people around me we saying. And he or she would start to feel things. Cause they were in my head I felt it. What an ass. There were people that totally didn’t give a care about anything so I didn’t so emotions to what I was hearing. I just learned to ignore it and Loosened up. I thought of who I’m and I care about and what I feel for and ignored the feelings that didn’t make sense. Ego boost they fill you head up sometimes with so much of it. It might hurt and feel awkward but hearing no every now and then puts them in there place. If I were to allow myself to hate it would make me more venerable to there attacks. Plus they feed on it. If i hate someone or something i hate for my own reason. Or that’s how I feel. They replayed things from my life manipulate it to a point that I would start hating. The most obvious and funniest thing they try to do is try to make your mind up for you. They repeat them selves constantly. Others like to make believe there your thoughts (prixs in your head). It made no sense to me. I was just like of ok then forgot everything they talked about. Never acknowledging the things they make believe. They started talking to each other in my head and try to make my mind up on things for me. What I do is just let them talk and me to them bicker back and forth. I think to myself who cares and continue doing what I’m doing. A lot or all of the things turn out to BS anyway. Some of the thoughts that go through your head are just ridiculous, And I don’t even know how I fell for the ones I did. Making you worry about things ( leaving the stove on) or paranoid when you leave your house. Ya you’ll feel it the paranoia but realize its not your thought. If you take proper precaution measures then you’ll having nothing to worry about. If you have a bad memory this will eat you alive. If you have Alzheimer’s forget about it. You got no chance. They love to scramble your thoughts so your as confused as a panda. Suicidal thoughts are stupid why would any one want to kill them selves? The trains of thought that go through your head may make you forget about the good things in your life. Nothing they make you think is bad enough to make you want to kill yourself. Charm and staying out of trouble will get you through almost any thing. If you lose any confidence in yourself, it’s just not right. it’s the way they make you think that may lead to you being suicidal. So find ways to gain it again. Obsession, obsession, obsession. What can I say. The dictionary right now say’s it is the domination of one’s thoughts or that’s one of the definitions. I think if you just letting people know what’s happening, would probably be a good idea. But see a doctor. 40% of the population has schizophrenia so don’t feel like your alone. And they could be doing it for any number of reasons. I personally never felt obsessed. Everything that was going through my head and the way things would come out kinda made me look like I was. The secret is not to actually be obsessed, For your own mental health. If you ever get a total loser in your head there are experts at picking up girls of there. Obsessing over food will only leave you fat and in bad health. Other people Its really screwed up. But I found, like I said earlier it can be anyone doing it for any reason. My opinion, its best to ignore any and all obsessions. Spending money is a obsession that can creep up on you. So not learning the value of a dollar and what the difference between what you want and need can get costly. Maybe knowing what one wants in life could help to keep a person on track. Controlling the things your saying. There right there in your head, in the perfect spot to get you to say what they want you to say. The most they’ll get is a word. They might repeat them selves several times to get you to say what they want. Its also timed. Young kids repeat the things they here. They might spend a lot of time talking to each other. Getting your brain fired up. And eventually you might say what something. When your talking and your feeling totally comfortable they like to intrude and think or say in your head what they want you to say. Its along the line other thought they want you to think. They like to make things pop out when you doing things or watching tv and also listening to music. Like messages people might to send other people. Be careful cause they’ll try to make you follow a straight line of the things they pop out. Also things people say. They’ll make certain words pop out make it seem like a secret language. They may also try to turn you into a character in a show or movie or song. What there doing is making you follow a straight line of things that they pop out for you. Have fun remember who you are. Try to be yourself. Take notes maybe you can write a book or movie. Its what Hollywood is doing with people already. Listening to music will give you a good idea of what there about. You might feel empowering emotions some times. Some music can get them to make them angry but it would be you that feels it. At times you might not feel anything and it also gives you an understanding of what they want you to feel. You ever worked out and known you could lift the weight but couldn’t. I love listen to music that put me in a good mood. They like to make you follow a straight like of thoughts and thinks they know to be true, and ideal. Even with them know this is happening helped. reverse or what i mean is when you playing a video game and push the left direction to make a character move left putting it in reverse controls. so when you push left the character would move right. Hearing a lie or 2(keep in mind no one like being) . What a person should do when they think there being lied to is ask. These people probably will never stop. I can say with confidence that everyone expecting you to die some how. Suicide, over dose or killed by someone. Oh ya they said some where that Schizophrenia is associated with deceases. So to all that have one and know what works to get rid of it. Or makes life easier. Please feel free to list it here. Or send me a link and i'll post it. I don't know bout other countries but in mine human rights can't do anything with international cases. THANKYA FOR TAKING THE TIME TO READ THIS. AND IM SORRY IF YOU SEEN THINGS LIKE THIS ON TV ALREADY OR HEARD IT SOMEWHERE SOME PEOPLE THINK THEY CAN DO WHATEVER THEY WANT. BEST OF LUCK YOU YA. IM ALSO SORRY IF THIS PAPER WAS ALTERED IN ANYWAY SOME PEOPLE WANT IT TO BE OKAY TO SCREW AROUND WITH PEOPLES LIVES. John Doe 