It's an awful thing to pull up to a drive through window at a restaurant and the voices in your head are so loud and overwhelming that you can't get your order out. You barely can concentrate on what you are doing there. My son said to me "It's awful aint it". I made that comment to my son in an effort to try and let him know that I understood what he was going through because I had been there myself. While my son was growing up my biggest fear was that he would have to fight the same battle that I had fought. I knew how close I came to losing my mind. It was a hell that I would not wish on my worst enemy. Many times I thought about suicide to make the voices stop. Just to find a place where I would not be plagued with voices and hallucinations and all kinds of manifestations. I've had severe panic attacks where I would wake up in the middle of the night and it would feel as if someone or something was trying to smother me. I've heard voices, sometimes cursing and swearing and sometimes in a language that I've never heard before. I was terrified of going to sleep because I would have all sorts of manifestations ranging from my whole body vibrating so hard that I thought my heart would stop or a sinking into a peace that made me think I was dying. Something would jar the bed and hit and poke at me. Anything to wake me out of sleep. A lot went on over the years that dont have the patience to sit here and type out. Back then I was so afraid to tell anyone but my closest friends about what was happening to me because I didn't want to end up on medication. I had seen what the medications do to you because I had an uncle that was schizophrenic. I thought they would lock me away in a mental institution. So I lived silently in a hell that is really unimaginable to anyone who has not been there. What did I do? I finally turned to the Lord. When I did surrender my life to Christ it didn't get better right off. As a matter of fact it got worse. I had met a Pastor that told me that my help was in the Word. So I went after God with everything that was in me. Do I believe that there is healing for schizophrenia? I know that what I experienced would no doubt be diagnosed schizophrenia. There is a scripture in the bible that states "If you continue in My Word, you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free". I walk with God. I believe that there is healing and deliverance in Christ but it's a faith walk. I realize that for whatever reason, maybe it is the fact that I played with an Ouija board as a child, maybe it was molestation at a very young age, but somehow or another a door was opened in my life that never should have been opened. I realize that my spiritual make up is different from most peoples and that for whatever reason I tap into things that other people cant see or feel and the same is true of my son. When that day came for my son I had no choice but to take him to the emergency room where they admitted him to the psych ward and diagnosed him Paranoid Schizopheric. I was afraid that he would hurt himself. I really wish that he had the faith to walk above this but the reality is right now he doesn't. He takes Risperdal and an anti-depressant. And we deal with it. I made sure that I raised him up to know the Word of God and I continue to pray for him because I know that God is no respector of persons and what He has done for me He can do for my son. After 20 years of dealing with panic attacks, hallucinations, voices, all kinds of what I term demonic oppression, today I am free. For every thing that I have suffered that is a scripture that gives me power and authority to walk above it. I have had probably one anxiety attack in the last 10 years and I took authority over it with the Word of God. I no longer wake up in the middle of the night with evil manifestations. I haven't heard voices in............I can't recall the last time I heard voices. It amazes me that Christianity has taken on such a totally different sphere. Jesus came to set those that are oppressed by satan free. Do I believe that everyone that is mentally ill or diagnosed Paranoid Schizophrenic is dealing with demons? Ican't answer that question. I can only speak for myself. I thank God for deliverance because if it had not been for Jesus, my life would be like my son's or my uncles. But I'm free. The evidence speaks for itself. As I sat there on the couch with my son talking to him one day, he turned and looked at me, and out of the blue he said, "I know who you are". And I told the one speaking to me "And I know who you are".