I have been Hearing Voices for the past 14 years. During this time, I have never taken a med or consulted a psychiatrist or psychologist, even though I have suffered hallucinations, depression, psychosis and mania. My reasons for never seeking medical help are simply - I never thought I was crazy. It was the Voices I was hearing who were trying to drive me insane and I countered and fought back with every means at my disposal. At the the time, I had never heard of Schizophrenia, never knew people called it a mental illness and have always considered the Voices I hear to be real completely separate entities from me. I have written this article to help people who suffer from the terrible side effects of their meds and would like to come off them, as well as for people who would like to try a a non medicated approach in dealing with Hearing Voices and Schizophrenia. 11 Ways to cope with Hearing Voices and Schizophrenia without any Medication 1) Store a happy picture in your head that you can refer to at anytime when your mind is troubled. 2) Take deep breaths and concentrate on your breathing and your happy picture. Refuse to let your thoughts trouble you or wander into thinking about things that cause Guilt, Paranoia and Fear. 3) Find a Chant, Song or Sound you like and Repeat it Constantly to Block the Voices. Do this when the Voices are incessant and troublesome and if you are unable to cope with a turned on TV or radio. 4) Concentrate and Listen to a Soothing Audio of Your Choice when unable to sleep, or suffering sleep deprivation - leave the TV or radio on the whole night, it will help you enjoy a dreamless sleep. 5) Share and Discuss your experiences with your friends or an online support group. It will stop you from becoming paranoid and isolated. At the very least, you will be able to get a few good laughs out of it. 6) Exercising Vigorously will cure Depression by flooding your brain with the chemical dopamine,a natural feel good and high. Sports like Boxing and Martial Arts will help you, vent your anger, improve concentration, discipline and mental and physical balance. 7) Use Self Hypnosis to counter the negative emotions/character building in your mind. Constantly repeat positive reinforcements till you fall asleep. Examples : I Feel no Fear, I Feel no Guilt, I am a Happy Person, I am a Good Loving Person, I Will overcome My illness, etc. 8) Write down your experiences. Writing will help your coherence and help you escape the trap of your own mind. The act of putting your words to paper and reading the sentences you created will snap you into reality. 9)Take up hobbies like Gardening and FishKeeping. Your positive contribution while working with nature will calm your mind and soul. 10) Never Show Your Anger to The Voices in public or in the company of friends and family. Your anger will scare them and isolate you. Once isolated things could get a lot worse for you. 11) Inform and Help other people who Hear Voices.