My husband went out with his father today, so I had time to do lots of chores. The sun was out after a week of rain so had a chance to do the laundry that was piling up. I changed the bedding, washed the car, and had time to clean the fish tank as well. Later in the evening I had a lovely hot shower. Everything feels so clean, I feel so clean, I forgot how lovely a shower is to take, I think I should do it more often!ÊAll in all, I had a good day. I'm back on my meds after two weeks ago's skipping them, but I am remaining on about 300mg amisulpride instead of the full 600mg. And I'm not taking the olanzapine for now. Things seem to be ok for now, but I will have to eventually get back to the pdoc for more meds.Yesterday was an interesting day. I said I was going to relax this weekend, but had a busy Saturday instead. My husband organised a family get-together at our house in the evening. I did another load of laundry, swept the house and baked a cake in the microwave. Then it was waiting for my husband's family. After 5:30pm they started to come. We had a braai (barbecue) and there was lots of food. All in all there were eleven of us. It was exciting, but I was glad when we had the house to ourselves once more.I confess also that whilst I baked the cake, I was mad at myself for making too much icing sugar and wanted to punish myself, so I too the sharp knife to my arm again in secret and cut myself. I was in a calm state of mind, but also determined. Crazy I know!Today I hope to relax a bit more. Its a glorious sunny day and we are expecting my husband's uncle and aunt to come over and go with us to the flea market. It's only a maybe, but there's definitely more relaxation today - well I hope so!Enjoy the rest of your weekend!ÊHi, has anyone else out there struggled with their diagnosis of schizophrenia? I find myself accepting, denying, then accepting, then denying all the time. I was diagnosed eleven years ago for the first time, and I accepted it back then but two years after that I didn't accept it anymore. Then I went into remission, denied ever having sz, until my relapse 2012 when I thought it was Bipolar, and then when I was hospitalised in 2013 and they told me it was sz, I was shocked, and went into a rollercoaster of accepting and denying it. Sometimes up to this day I still wonder if they got it right, but I largely accept it, because I tell myself they are professional, they know what they are doing. I've heard that schizophrenics have a problem with insight into their illness, they have trouble knowing that they are sick, so I'm wondering if that's also my problem...I confess I have been naughty. I have since last month gradually lowered my dosage of my meds, until last Sunday when I came off my meds altogether. I was tired of the side effect of sexual dysfunction and having to fetch my pills all the time at the hospital. I was also eager to try and cope off my pills. So far so good, this week I heard voices one night and had some self harm urges, but other than that I have felt ok, except for this persistent feeling of being on the edge, this highly strung feeling. I feel over excitable, volatile, moody, but still coping. I was supposed to go to the pdoc today at the hospital, but didn't go. Maybe my sz is mild enough to cope off pills, I am trying my best to cope, and hope to not go into crisis. The pdocs are always available at the hospital if I need to make an appointment. My husband thinks I can do it, he's supportive. Crossing thumbs!