What I have learned about my Schizophreniaby Jetty » Thu Apr 23, 2015 3:40 pmHi all, I used to post here a few years back but I can't remember either my username or the email address I used so have had to start a new account.I just wanted to share my own experiences with you all in the hope that it might help someone. Back in 2011 I started hearing voices, loud and abusive voices. They accused me of being things that I knew I was not and tried to force me to hurt others. For weeks I couldn't think inside my own head because it was too full of the voices. It was all pretty horrible. I was also seeing different coloured lights and shadowy figures. Anyway, I went through a lot of different phases, thinking I had demons or negative spirits attached to me, thinking the CIA were messing with me, etc, etc.Finally I got to Jung and his ideas about the unconscious and gradually I was able to accept that the voices were parts of my own personality that I had rejected and repressed. They had become unconscious content and taken on a life of their own in order to force their way back into consciousness, or to force me to face the parts of myself that I was avoiding. Once I started to do that the voices started to 'leave', ie, those damaged, rejected parts of myself were integrating back into consciousness/my personality. It wasn't easy to accept that the destructive desires of the voices were actually my own repressed desires but once I accepted them, without judgement, they integrated and had no power over me. I had to learn to really love myself too and value myself because a lot of my unconscious destructiveness was turned on me - hence the abusive voices, which in a way were trying to show me how much I hated myself at a deep level.I still have a lot of fear and anger from the past still to process but my voices are pretty much gone, and I have never taken any medication - not that I'm saying people shouldn't, I just knew it wasn't the way for me. I sort of walked a line between spirituality and psychology, and it is true that there is a guide within and it's part of the process - schizophrenia is a process not an incurable disease. You can get better, never stop believing that no matter who tells you otherwise. How I have come to understand it is that we are more than just our conscious personality, what we think of as 'I'. Parts of us that don't fit into our self-image or that are socially unacceptable get repressed (along with unfelt fear and anger from past experiences) and become unconscious content, of which of course we aren't consciously aware. (Jung once said that the reason this world is such a paradise is because it allows us to see 'evil' as existing externally rather than within ourselves). Schizophrenia is the process trying to make us whole again, trying to reintegrate these lost parts - trying to force us to look at what we've avoiding and work through it.Anyway, just wanted to share in the hope that it might be useful to somebody.