Need advice.....have you been in my shoesby NemoLovesOmni » Mon Mar 02, 2015 8:45 amdo people with schizophrenia feel like this or is this just a subbranch of mild sociopathy.I REALIZE THIS IS ALOT TO STOMACH............SKIM THROUGHT IT IF YOU DONT HAVE THE TIME.Hi, I had had quite a strange and tragica path the past decade. I could never quite put a finger on it, and neither did doctors since I never let them in. In past eight years Ive been constantly feeling that I am disappearing or am being "erased", just like a dry erase board. Reoccuring concepts in my diaries stretching these past years have alwas had the same themes in them:A) "i have no subconscious", "i am like an atom, I need duality, just like electricity" "i exist only as a will to do things.....a will, a command system detached from honest desires", B) "I care not for anyone, my dog, family or a child", C)"My mind is identical to a robot's, it has no humanity in it or one abstract sentence floating through it. I am just like a binary system in my logic or intuition. Point me to what is absolute whie on a wall and only then will I understand what black looks like, simply as being its opposite. D) I have no natural will, being left in a room alone, I can (if vanity and obsession did not interfere) sit all day on a couch with coffee and a cigarrette waiting for those rare moments of feeling a pleasure sensation. My brain has become sort of "allergic to thinking", Whenever I learn or feel, my mind sweeps it out like of my body like its a foreign substance in the body......why does it do that, why do I keep forgetting. E) I have no will. I cant initiate. Having watched my deterioration, my depersonalization, my mind constantly letting go of information it learned, of forgetting photography (my most exalted passion) again and again and coming back to scratch, of losing emotions and being "leveled or zeroed out" by my brain as it returns to homeostasis - I constantly kept writing in my diary "I am being erased". I may run out of a burning house, cause thats what they do in the movies. I have no innate understanding of fire or fear of it. I used to have an obsessional personality, with multiple fears, those however dissipated, and my thinking disorders and fears somewhat vanished as my brain seemed to just dissipate into thin air.Now I am not a consciously delusional person, so do not read the above and think "this guy's off the rails, look at the language hes using, I mean "nature's will.........whats he talking about, is he psychotic"..........So please dont study the language i used so much as the concepts. Here is some history about me-When I was little I watched everyone to know how to act. they created me in a way, and I mirrored a person for them. something tells me I never formed a perosnality stuck in this "theory of mind land" guessing everyones intentions and subintentions from the top down. However I was seemingly engaging, playful and a weird juxtaposition of silent at the right moments and loud and forthcoming at others.- I had never been diagnosed of this (since I was always very guarded from others) but I am now sure I have Nonverbal learning disorder, and ADD. I take medicine for the latter, and have been feeling calmer.- I never had any real interests other than pleasing people. Frankly I could not validate my own beliefs as belonging to me.- Highly unimaginative, yet absurdly quirky, in hypothetical passion, and with vivid memories.-Could never get myself to read or watch movies. In totality, I had no interests unless someone was next to me.-In summer of 2006 I had a nervous breakdown and was in a month long delusion of obsessing over rats in our neighborhood. I had to cancel graduate school and began a long journey of meds, hospitalizations and sort of borderline behaviors.-that aside, I had multiple thought disorder, I wrote endless notes on how much of a robot I behave like. I never crossed that boundary into thinking I am actual inorganic flesh or a living robot, though all my daily analyses proved this to such a compelling and sad degree. I think the only term to accurately describe 8 years of suffering inside myself behind closed walls is a "thought disorder, salad of thinking, dishevelled and manic dysfunction in executive functioning". Ultimately I also realized that I am just like a dead generator.........that is - someone needs to start my cogwheels rolling and then I can move and go out for a walk when I feel bad. I could never give anyone a direct answer, the task was just an impossible one. everyone was frustrated and talking to me was like pulling teeth. I was stuck in binary loopholes. If I tried to make myself apologize, I would belch out a second later. I was home for years going from hospitals to jobs. Quite and land locked inside myself, unable to generate a smile or answer simple questions without bursting all over the place like a water balloon. I never hallucinated however, I am stuck in pragmatic hell most of the time, too confused to do or not do something. All my logic is of a dual nature. I know who I am only in terms of who I am not, and what I am not.; Every sentence, and most thoughts needs a person in front of me, so they can start a conversation and I can reciprocate, (in my own broken and compacted language). In an alone state, I am inert, someone walks in the room, says something, and immediately, if the topic concerns my limited array of topics, I "kick into gear"........When I have a reference point - and that reference point is someone elses logic, then I can generate my own opinion. But really all I do, is hand people their own words back to them. - Personal context, or judgement is understood only through movies or when someone else brings theirs into the room.By 2009, I realized that I had little learning ability, I talked very strangely, and because of mass disorganization could not learn or pass any interview. My memory was becoming worse. I was becoming more volatile, but over the years began progressively losing my once schematic memory, emotions. I felt in perpetual de-evolving state, constantly losing more and more of what I once had (exaggerated now that I see it, but still an extraodinarily tragic experience) I had had an incredible amount of chronic headaches over the years. If I could describe thoe tension best it was like my head felt compressed or squashed or stretched to all corners of my room. Headaches and morning sickness. A reoccuring way I described this headache in my writings was the sensation that "theres electricity frying my head, it hurts right at the center of my head" or "there are whiskers aggravating me or tickling my brain from the inside" (the sensation reoccurs in my teeth, where I feel like theres a bug aggravating the inside of my molars and the only option is to just take a rock and beat the tooth down into a powder. Now, these sensations, too wild to bear with my own impatient personality, have chronically persisted over the years, but have started to appear less frequently. All of that combined produced horrible days, where I would beat my head down to a pulp whenever some trigger "activated" my will.In the year of 2013 I had 24 sessions of ECT over four months.I came out of it all with zero retention power. I hadnt the ability to distinguish my favorite music, every track sounded too similar. My short term memory, and learning abilities are pretty much shot to zero now, and its been a year and a half since. I had become terribly placid, monotone in voice, (ocassionally light up or give off the illusion of being a charismatic person but those are as few as lightstreaks in the sky on any given day). I have lost nearly all empathy or emotional memory, it just doesnt happen anymore.I have difficutly speaking to people, I always did have this, but now I stutter and have lost most contextual understanding, so I'm guessing the next word to be said as I stare at a person. Thought disorders have been the story of my life, with no therapist or person being able to fully understand me, especially when I talk, which is nowhere as organized. But there is alot of overlap, I know that executive functioning is impaired in people with severe add and NVLD (non verbal learning disorder). I also know that my head is slightly sociopathically inclined (taking delight in all sorts of things I dont want to mention here.........I of course dont act out on them, but now I am "wondering", is this sociopathy or is this all the negative symptoms of schizophrenia. I can honestly say at any given day I have nothing in my head, no context, what happened today, those slight glimpses of emotions and learning will be gone tomorrow, and that I am living in an inert head, which has no explicit understanding of basic behaviors like cooking, cleaning, relationships or why they are needed. I dont feel hunger or the need to go to the bathroom, just reminders or second long enjoyment as Im eating. I have no concrete knowledge base to refer to, (though of course this post may portray the opposite). To describe myself quite accurately from both the inside and an outside eye, I would like to add that - I have no emotions, and I am neither cruel or kind, I am inert in mind, but not in practice, as I make myself prod on all day long. My voice is flat, I think in the past two months I outdid myself and laughed two times truthfully. A girl who sat across from me at a synongogue dinner said to my face that I am like a "boneless fish, a blah, a pussycat....". I do photography all day long, listent to music, try to watch meaningufl movies, and I prod on, despite a numbness I seem to both curse to all ends of the earth and to unconsciously thank god that my emotions and confused juggle isnt there to make me crazy anymore. I am still strongly inclined to think, that I, like many other people with sociopathic brain structures, never formed proper connections in my prefrontal cortex, which is, as science says, where children on path to individuation, and empathy start forming brain connections in. Maybe all of this is just an ongoing personality disorder nightmare as more of those brain links are lost or "disentagled from due to the many traumas with thinking subjectively that I had.so please advice me on whether I should worry about the negative signs of schizophrenia, I hope to god I dont have another diagnosis on my plate, especially not one in that category. So please tell me, if my experiences ring true to yours. PLEASE HELP