I always knew that I suffered from OCD, but never knew how severe and disabling OCD can be - my current psychiatrist explained that it is complicating my bipolar disorder - I have been doing a lot of research on it lately, and I can really relate to the intrusive thoughts - images, fears, obsessions, compulsions, anxiety that OCD creates.OCD is common with Schizophrenia and BipolarI cannot take the medications ( antidepressants) for OCD, because this will worsen my bipolar mania - so I am going to brush up on CBT and Mindfulness to treat OCD/Anxiety symptoms.Do you suffer from OCD? Which treatments help you cope?How bad does it get for you? OCD is more serious than I thought it would beI am getting better at communicating my feelings, wants and needs with my psychiatrist, but this was not always the case in the past.Time is limited, but because I am being more assertive with her, I have been trying to be more descriptive and detail oriented - giving her specific examples of what happens in my life when a certain symptom rears its ugly head.As an example, instead of telling her that I am experiencing negative side effects from Risperdal, I now tell her specifically what happens to my body when I take certain doses of the drug - how I feel and how long it lasts etc...Do you guys have a difficult time talking/ communicating your needs to your pdoc?How do you approach him or her?Many pdocs are known to be poor listeners - with shorter office visits, it is difficult sometimes to convey our feelings to our doctors - sometimes going into a visit prepared with notes makes things easierIn medicine, comorbidity is the presence of one or more additional disorders (or diseases) co-occurring with a primary disease or disorder; or the effect of such additional disorders or diseases. The additional disorder may also be a behavioral or mental disorder.What other physical or mental illnesses do you have, besides your primary mental illness? (schizophrenia, SZA, bipolar, etc..I for one suffer from Bipolar Disorder (primary mental illness) and a few other comorbid conditions, OCD - Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Panic Disorder, and Diabetes type 2 (physical illness)Depression and Mania does not count as comorbid conditions, because its part of my bipolar disorderI am having a difficult time distinguishing fear from being truly paranoid.My therapist feels that I am not experiencing true paranoia - she said that what I normally experience are fears based on reality, but I take it too far.She feels that my fears stem from my childhood - I suffered from severe panic disorder since I was 5 years old and it lasted well into my 30s - I still get occasional panic attacks to this day.I experienced fear on a daily basis - chronic fear - waiting for the next attack to hit me like a tidal wave.She feels that my fear of being alone in the house and suspiciousness of strangers stems from my severe chronic anxiety - all originating from my traumatic fear ridden childhood - she feels that I never got to get passed and get over my traumatic childhood - so the fear is still with me to this day.I have been truly paranoid before - what is the difference? Is all paranoia delusional?I always thought that I was experiencing paranoia - my therapist tells me no - it is anxiety/fears/and phobias that I am experiencing -I want to be able to discuss this with my psychiatrist - I have been using the word paranoia to describe what I go through - maybe what I have is a form of PTSD stemming from an anxious - fear filled childhood.My therapist is a lot smarter than I thoughtAlmost everything stresses me out - then I can potentially become symptomatic with either high anxiety-paranoia or more depression or mania/mixed episodes.Staying in the house alone, going into a public place, eating food in public, riding in an elevator by myself, driving, encountering strangers, socializing, going to doctors, my physical health, doing new things, going to new places .. etc ....What am I to do?!?! I mean I take my meds .... exercise, eat right, practice CBT and DBT - they help a little but not enough.I am wondering if my dose is too low, and I need to somehow up the dose, most likely on a new AP - I am not tolerating my current AP Risperdal lately.Its like I am so hypersensitive - its ridiculous!I actually did a lot of communicating with my pdoc today - achieved a lot.When pressed about my actual diagnosis again ( I know I obsess a lot) my pdoc told me that she thinks that I have bipolar disorder mixed in with significant OCD symptoms.She told me that OCD can complicate the bipolar picture significantly and this is why I have a difficult time functioning in some areas. She told me that there are some similarities between schizophrenia and OCD and this was probably why I was diagnosed with schizoaffective in the past.My pdoc also said that I was hit hard with 3 different types of Anxiety on top of my bipolar disorder - GAD, Panic Disorder, and OCD - she told me that Antipsychotics become necessary for me to control mood/psychosis and quell down my severe anxiety symptoms.She also called me Neurotic in presentation and I am not currently psychotic - with lots of different anxiety symptoms.She said that I was High Functioning in most areas and I can reason and have good judgement - I am on top of things when it comes to taking care of myself and managing my meds etc...My pdoc told me to get off of the Lamictal, she agreed that the Lamictal could be making me more anxious/paranoid, she also said that paranoia is very much part of bipolar disorder, even when moods are stable.I had a pretty long talk with her today and learned a lot about myself.She wants me to stay on the current dose of Risperdal and if I have to switch APs, she wants me to try Saphrisnext.A lot to absorb today!I have been on one antipsychotic or another since I was in my very early 20s - I am now 50 and my body is not tolerating them anymore like I used to in the past.I have had cardiac - fast heartbeat - metabolic (diabetes) issues and other problems with these potent psychotropics.The Risperdal that I am on now seems to agitate - activate me, messing with my heart rate on certain doses above 2.5 mg.I am not here to bash medication use - I am all for taking meds for SZ and BP but its like my body is saying enough is enough to these antipsychotics.I highly doubt that my psychiatrist will want to take me off of an AP - she has told me that I have to be on one, and she basically threatened to hospitalize me if I got off of them - it was a misunderstanding on her part, I never would stop taking my meds without her consent.Its just that I really do not know what to do - there is a big part of me that knows that these class of meds are really harming me physically - do I take a chance and lower my dose again?I am not anti psychiatry or anti meds but I also want to live well into my 70s or 80s - I seriously doubt that I will make it to my mid 60s at this rate.The damage from chronic antipsychotic use is finally taking a toll on my body - but I know that I wont make it without taking antipsychotics - my moods will destabilize and I will most likey get delusional and hallucinate again.Any suggestions? What in the world do I do - I am going to talk to her about it again, but I am not about to sacrifice my physical health any more - I mean I want to live - not ready for an early death.Also my liver and kidneys are affected somewhat now - this is so frustrating - if I decide to go very low dose I will get destabilized