Worrying Schizophrenic Symptomsby Aphex » Sun Mar 08, 2015 4:17 pmI've been diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome, but after my half-brother was diagnosed with schizophrenia I decided to do some digging on the topic, and what I found worried me. I know that AS and schizophrenia have many shared symptoms, so at first I wasn't all that surprised that I exhibited some schizophrenic traits, but when I came across "examples of delusions" at http://schizophrenia.com/earlysigns.htm I began to get a bit anxious. As far as I know delusional tendencies aren't really a part of AS, but I exhibit a lot of the examples from that list, namely these:--Overpowering, intense feeling that people are talking about you, looking at you--Overpowering, intense feeling you are being watched, followed, and spied on (tracking devices, implants, hidden cameras)--Thinking that someone is trying to poison your food--Thinking people are working together to harass you--Thinking that people can read your mind/ or control your thoughts--Delusions of reference- thinking that random events convey a special meaning to you. An example is that a newspaper headline or a license plate has a hidden meaning for you to figure out. That they are signs trying to tell you something. --Delusions of grandeur- the belief that you have an important mission, special purpose, or are an unrecognized genius, or famous person.I know when I have these paranoid delusions they're not necessarily real. I consider myself a logical person and can look objectively and see they're not strictly true, but I can't help but have them. I often get paranoid that my food is poisoned, people can read my mind and that I'm an unrecognised genius, but after having these thoughts I try to dismiss them. However the fact that I'm consistently having these delusions is a sign that perhaps I'm not convincing myself.Perhaps I'm just being a hypochondriac here and somehow making up these symptoms (another thing I'm paranoid about, might I add), but I can't help but consider that I couldactually have schizophrenia. Another problem is that I feel it's getting worse. When I was younger I used to get the feeling that I was sort of in The Matrix, and nothing was real. Everything was some sort of simulation. The problem is those kind of thoughts and feelings are getting more frequent, and subsequently making me more anxious. Sometimes I'll find myself shaking for no real reason, or having a dull ache above my stomach which could be because of that.I'm reluctant to talk to a psychiatrist because of paranoia. I know you might consider it to be silly, but I can't help but be paranoid that my details will go into some government database somewhere, so they know my weaknesses. The fact our governments have been proved to spy on us and keep our data is not helping. I was relatively OK about talking to a psychiatrist about my AS since it's not particularly related to anything criminal, but I've frequently heard stories about criminals and killers with things like schizophenia. What if I somehow get pinned down for the crimes of someone because my record stated I had schizophrenic tendencies? That's just one of the many thoughts that prevent me from talking to a psychiatrist.In the end, I'm worried I could be making this all up. My mind is just tricking me to think I have schizophrenic symptoms, but I could just be inventing memories of delusions. But this itself could be a delusion, so it just brings me back to square one.I know you people aren't professionals, but could you somehow shed some light on this? My main worry is that it's going to get worse, and I'm going to seriously fall into delusions which I can't tell the reality of.