Hello I'm sorry to dive in like this, and wouldn't unless really needed to ask. Shattered after assessment by psychiatrist. V bad past, v isolated, v bad physical health (chronic exhaustion, bad arthritis where been unable to get hips replaced for 14 years due to lack of support, ibs, dreadful throat problems/unable eat or drink in front of anyone/nerves where feel will collapse, etc etc, because of abuse attacks). Been through 8 years of really bad abuse attacks, and didn't dare tell anyone ... so real, only difference from actual human being is that invisible. Mind 'collapsed' on 25 November, so had to come out and ask GP for help, something I was trying not to do, as don't trust anyone really, but especially medical people. 2 months on, and after a faulty initial assessment, saw psychiatrist today. His answer was that it's very bad anxiety, need some dopamine/anxiety meds, take exercise, structure the day, avoid stimulants, call a CBT counsellor. I tried so much to explain to him that I've tried all these things (except meds) and just doesn't work. He was trying to force me to make myself go to sleep at a certain time ... no understanding at all that I just can't; the minute I have an appointment to get up for, I can't sleep, and am so exhausted that I must get sleep when I can, as, if I don't, am just too ill. That's one example of his lack of concern. When I said I'm going home to rape/abuse attacks, he said 'that's unfortunate'. I went out crying, and have just turned into stone. Very frightening, as I may not be understood or treated correctly. Had written clear notes for him, all of it awful stuff, and just nothing supportive. Did loads of carework in the past, for many years, and just can't comprehend how cold and callous medical people are now. I truly have done everything in my power to fix myself, due to not trusting medical people ... please don't think I'm being too harsh about this psychiatrist due to that mistrust. Being honest, as I can't believe he could hear everything and give so little support. Didn't even care I went out crying. Are there any options where there is support when psychiatrists/doctors get it wrong? How do you cope when they won't listen, and just don't care? Strange for someone to diagnose extreme anxiety, then behave in such a way as to magnify that hugely. Thanks for listening, and I apologise again for diving in. Sorry; I just googled, in the hope of finding somewhere. Have gone dead inside.