My Storyby jason_m » Sat Mar 21, 2015 7:05 amHello,I'd like to tell everyone my story:In 2003, I watched a television story about these teenagers who were horribly abused, tortured, and murdered by their mother. The story made me severely, unabashedly depressed: I feared that they simply died and nothing lived on. Then, by the end of that year, I got my 'answer.' I was listening to a radio program with 'psychic' James Van Praagh, and he said that 'anyone can become psychic. It's just like learning to play the piano.' Idiotically, I listened to him, and tried to contact those girls out of the hope they survived. I 'listened' to my subconscious almost constantly, slowly starting to hear 'someone' - of course, it was not any of the people I was trying to contact. In fact, this was just the start of my problems. Slowly, I started to hear people almost constantly. Therefore, I am now plagued by voices that I'm not sure are hallucinations or voices from the dead. In other words, I have gone from praying that I'm psychic to praying that I am mentally ill. In fact, experiencing this, I wonder how it is possible for someone to actually become psychic - how is it possible for anyone to constantly be visited by people who see right into their mind, and not feel intruded upon? I mean, one side-effect is that you have to be one-hundred percent honest with everyone you deal with 'psychically' - you cannot even slightly bend the truth if people are looking right into your mind's eye. Therefore, I wonder how any legitimate 'psychic' could live with this burden.That was only the first problem I had. During the time I started hearing voices, my mind became enveloped in a stifling form of brain fog. I then went from hopes of getting a Ph.D. to hopes of simply being able to read 'Sports Illustrated' or follow everyday conversations. I basically felt confused about almost everything! This led me to seriously consider taking my life. However, during this time, amazingly, I finished a computer science degree and almost got a degree in philosophy. Shortly after this, I recovered from the fog. I then decided to add an economics double major to my philosophy degree. Something went way wrong: my grades in economics were worse than any grades I had ever received! I was upset, but somewhat resilient: 'Why not try math and philosophy instead?' The math grades were even worse! That started a new line of thinking: 'Maybe God is telling me something. I'll just finish my philosophy degree and go on.' That's when I knew something was up: I then received the worst philosophy grades I ever had in my life as well! I therefore withdrew from the courses, and spent time trying to figure out what to do. Since that time, I have wondered how something like this can happen (and it makes me angry to think about it).In any event, right now, I am slowly finishing the philosophy degree, and am thinking of going into e-commerce. I have some ideas that I think are good, but I wonder again whether it will be another failure.I now have a few questions to ask. First, how can I prove to myself that I'm not psychic? This is a big problem for me, because I tried to hear the dead, and I'm not sure whether I've opened a portal to the other side, or whether I'm simply schizophrenic! For this reason, if I could find out that what I hear and see is not real, it would be a big relief. Also, because of the way I've become mentally ill, I think the medications lessen the voices, but they cannot tell me that they are not real - and knowing they are not real is what I really need know in order to recover. Second, can anyone come up with an explanation as to why my grades were so low during that time period? For the life of me, I cannot explain how I could recover from stifling brain fog, and, at the same time, get worse grades than ever before... Finally, does anyone know anything about e-commerce? I need to know if it's possible to make a decent living doing it, as it is one of the few options I have left.Thank you in advance,Jason.