ÊMy thoughts on what could possibly be the truth about schizophreniaThe world is not completely physical, and many different dimensions exist.These dimensions have spirits living within them, possibly of those from this world who have passed and perhaps other worlds or even galaxies. Some of these beings may have even been created by us, when we create movies and such and give "life" to things that did not previously exist.The average human is unaware of the spiritual, I believe this is due to what we eat and expose ourselves to. Most of us have dormant DNA strands because of this. When we eat less and become more clean, we start to become more aware of the spiritual existence around us. For me anyway, this is the case. I only have these "schizophrenic" episodes when I have gone without eating and sleeping. There are times when I feel like sleep is more draining than recharging as I wake up feeling more tired than when I fell asleep. This is due to spirits draining me when I sleep.ÊWe all have a life force, the electrical current that runs through us to keep our heart pumping and keep us living. There are spiritual entities that feed on this life force and use it as sustenance, and farm humans for this energy. Most people are unaware of this, and these spirits can influence the living, in ways that help keep them hidden from our awareness. If everyone knew about them, it would be harder for them to harvest energy from us. Some people who are living harvest this energy as well, they are known as energy vampires.These spirits who feed on us, would like to keep those aware of them under a label such as schizophrenia because it makes it easier for them to hide. People like me who talk of them are just labeled as "crazy" and hardly anyone, if anyone will take them seriously.There are many realities all taking place at this time, in different dimensions. People in the third dimension are usually unaware of what is happening in the other dimensions, like say the 4th and 5th dimension, which are spiritual in nature. For example, we are 3rd dimensional (physical), and a ghost or spirit is perhaps, 5th dimensional.Hallucinations I believe, are visions of realities taking place in other dimensions. So in a sense, they are false, but are also real.I haven't had a lot of so called hallucinations, but I do remember one in particular where I was in my room (having a spiritual war with entities who were trying to drain me) and I looked in the mirror on the bathroom door which was reflecting just outside my window. There was a girl there, she was ninja-like, doing ninja type motions with her hands like she was ready to fight. When I looked directly out of my window I could not see her, only when I looked through the mirror could I see her, and the reflection was so clear anyone seeing it would have been lead to believe a woman was outside of my window. I looked away and back several times, she was not third dimensional and that is why I could not see her when directly looking at her.I also had experiences where an entity was stalking me, injecting me with drugs and other toxic substances. I could feel the needle poking me and fluid being injected but could not see anything. It was so frustrating for me because I was trying to be clean and did not want any toxic chemicals in my body but felt there was little I could do to stop it. I finally was able to get rid of the spirit that was doing it, but it took a lot of effort and creativity. I was spraying febreeze at it whenever I felt it near me and doing a lot of visualizations and actions with my hands to destroy it. It took a few days but it finally disappeared from my reality.There was also spiritual robots attacking me and placing chips in my back, the chips were not physical in nature but I could feel them and they were affecting my heart beat trying to make my heart stop, trying to kill me. There were power boxes that I could sense the robots ran on, so I destroyed them with thought and action. Whoever controls them had sent an army of invisible spiders at me also but I managed to get the spiders on my side with unconditional love and compassion, the spiders then helped remove the chips from my back and helped protect me from further attacks.Just talking about it I know it sounds crazy and all, but I am sure some of you can completely understand.ÊFeel free to post your thoughts, I am new here but looking forward to getting to know some people here who are possibly experiencing some of the things I have been. It's been hard to deal with alone.Love and blessings to all reading this.Ê