Êpraying is not workingi am so confused about my voices.they talk to me at night claiming i am dreaming or in a hospital or something of the sort. it is hard to hear them to make out what they are saying for sure but they are def talking to me.anyway i can't tell if they are people, ghosts, or what. for a while there believing in god was making the voices act nicer to me and i began to feel like they were angels talking to me. but who can tell?Êmaybe they are dr.s and nurses and i really am laying in a hospital bed having some kind of dream in a coma? i read some stuff online about people who come out of medically induced comas and they say they had one long nightmare the whole time they were in it, and that the accident was easier to get over then the things they saw in the coma.Êor maybe they are angels and demons? all i know is that i can feel them too. i feel fingers through my hair a lot when i am having positive thoughts.and i also feel the blanket around me at night get tucked under me sometimes, and the bed shakes even when there are no cats around.so are they ghosts? my imagination? what?but i also have people in this reality who can read my mind, i suffer greatly from this because the neighbors treat me especially bad, banging on their floor (they live upstairs) all day depending on my thoughts. i can't do anything to fight back or win. i fight with my mother instead. because she seems to know what is happening and sometimes smirks about it.. but will never be forthcoming with me about what's REALLY going on..NO ONE will.. except one of my brothers who says it's the military and he complains about similar things happening to him.of course i would rather this be a dream/nightmare and to actually be able to wake up on a hospital bed, to find out that the voices were/are just nurses and old friends, .. not some supernatural thing. (i have thought of the possibility that i whisper all of my thoughts out loud in the coma and that's why they are able to communicate with me so well)at any rate. if i am not in a coma or a dream i can someday wake up out of. then the next best thing really is heaven. or dying in someway. because i know in my heart that there is absolutely nothing i can do to get the people to stop reading my mind. and stop bothering me.