Seven Things about Me and Schizophreniaby nosearchimi » Mon Apr 06, 2015 1:39 pmInteresting thing about me 1The first time I noticed there was something wrong with me was when I saw that I had bad handwriting. I didn’t make much of it at the time, and I wasn’t particularly disappointed. I wasn’t able to explain to my parents why my handwriting was so bad. They assumed it was because the school was not teaching me the basics. If they had had access to the handwriting of the other students, they would have seen that it was not the curriculum that was at fault, because the other students had beautiful handwriting. The handwriting actually showed a very important clue about me. When I was younger I had very little social awareness. It is the kind of social awareness that makes Americans brag about how many black friends they have in order to gain respectability. My lack of social awareness presumably came from a lack of social interaction. Social interaction at that age can be intense. Young kids are very direct and have few qualms about lying about how many black friends they have. But there may have something biologically amiss when I refused to do the same.It is impossible to know anything for sure, because I have never gotten my brain scanned. However a brain scan may have revealed an amygdala that was larger than normal and caused me a lot of extra anxiety as it did for my sister. I may have had too much anxiety to engage in conflict with the other kids. This conflict avoidance meant that I didn’t have many social interactions, and thus less social awareness (Theory 1 of lack of social motivation). Another theory is that I had low self-esteem (Theory 2 of lack of social motivation), or its biological equivalent, which meant that I wasn’t very status conscious. Thus, I did not feel the need to flaunt my status by telling everyone how many black friends I have. Self-esteem is the metric of your relationship to the group. According to Social Identity Theory, a social identity is the portion of an individual's self-concept derived from perceived membership in a relevant social group. I was a first generation immigrant, and perhaps I did not feel a member of the group. According to Social Identity Theory I would therefore have had less than normal self-esteem. This would also have contributed to me having fewer social interactions, and thus less social awareness.At any rate social intervention would have helped me at that stage, but my parents didn’t pick up on the fact that my bad handwriting was a sign that there was something wrong with me, compared to the rest of the class that had nice handwriting. They didn’t know that the only relevant thing for me was that I was able to complete my assignments quicker. They didn’t see me in class spending a lot of time waiting for the other kids to finish their assignments. I didn’t use this time to chit chat, and I pretty much wasted it staring at the wall or waiting for the clock to make its revolutions. Interesting thing about me 2The second interesting thing about me: I could not smell my own body odor even as I got into puberty. This can only mean that I started to repress elements of myself. Typically kids start to notice a body odor when they first enter puberty. I was not able to smell my body odor until I got halfway into adulthood, and I started to recover from my repression. This was a critical window of my development, where I was unfortunately subject to social exclusion. I did not emerge unscathed. To the contrary: I was deeply affected. Repression is always a bad thing, when it interferes with normal functioning. It was a critical development period in my life, when I was around ten years old, where certain events, sometimes called crucible events (Theory 3 of lack of social motivation), could be especially impactful. Adults often report the long lasting emotional impact of struggling with something a teacher told them on one occasion. I was especially impacted by being betrayed by a friend of mine. I never understood his motivation for rejecting me. This has made me nervous about people years later.Equally important was the blunted expression and stone like face I adopted to save me from reacting to ridicule. Being put down did affect me, but I tried to put on the appearance that it didn’t. Junior high school is a period when kids become mean. Social competition becomes a zero sum game, and those who cannot or will not participate in the game are sidelined and become easy targets. I continued to have low social awareness. In fact my low social awareness was continually there from elementary school through high school. I did not know if people were being friendly or not. I also had little awareness of my own actions, and how people would perceive them. I could have used acting classes, but acting classes are rarely enough, as is spending time in front of the mirror. There has to be a feedback mechanism. I was able to adjust my accent and make it sound American through social feedback mechanisms for being able to learn to speak regional English, but was not able to see in my mind’s eye the times when I needed to adjust my expression. Unfortunately I missed my developmental window on that one: unless I am in front of a mirror, I have trouble being charming and smiling even today.The observant reader may conclude that I suffered from the Autism Spectrum. However I don’t consider myself to be on the Autism Spectrum due to the fact that I have an easy time reading the emotions of people. Thus my social disability is not as severe as with people on the Autism Spectrum. A kid on the Autism Spectrum will talk to another kid continually even though the other kid is making little movements to get away. I never did that, because I knew when I was not wanted. My problem was being able to understand the motivations of people, and being able to tell if they were serious about wanting to make friends or just trolling me. What my parents (or rather parent at that age, because my sister and I lived with my mom) saw of me at this stage, when I was ten or so years old, is that I was becoming uncommunicative. My mom did notice this, as she also noticed that I didn’t have any friends (remember I had been sidelined socially), and she was getting worried. I spent most of my time reading books, but even that was getting depressing.There was now a developmental split happening where other kids were shooting ahead of me, and that was directly due to me being non-communicative. I still didn’t want to brag about how many black friends I had. Social activity is critical at this stage of human development. Refusing to engage in social activity can lead to Schizophrenia which presumably also depends on genetic factors (social non-communication may not be enough by itself to cause Schizophrenia). We have evolved as a species to develop a specific way from childhood to adulthood, with critical phases mixed in between where learning is especially intense. These are critical learning phases where things are picked up.For example, I still have the honest expressions of a child, and can’t fake charm. That, I might never recover from because it feels weird and dishonest to put on false charm. The reason I can’t and don’t feel comfortable doing it is because I missed a critical phase in my development: where I would have learned to act.Interesting thing about me 3 The third interesting thing about me is that, at 13 years old, I lacked the social awareness and executive function to be able to play the piano well. I lacked cognitive capacity in some areas. I wanted to split from society and develop cognitively on my own. I remained motivated, and attached to my mom (who provided the intrinsic motivation). However, I lacked the social input into my executive function in order to be able to play the piano the way other people wanted to hear me play the piano. Another way to look at it is that my prefrontal cortex was stunted, so I lacked the capacity to be able to manage my executive function effectively enough to play the piano. -Laura - I have studied the effects of emotional maltreatment in childhood on the structure of the brain so the anatomy, and the functioning, so how the brain works in adults that reported emotional maltreatment. I found that emotional maltreatment is related with a smaller part of the brain, the medial prefrontal cortex which is really important for emotion regulation, stress response, and it’s also really, really important for self-referential thinking. Dr Anne-Laura van Harmelen, Cambridge University(http://www.thenakedscientists.com/HTML/ ... w/1000964/)Through stress and lack of social inputs I could never reach my full intellectual potential at that stage of my life. Only years later, in my mid-thirties, did I regain cognitive functioning to the extent that my executive function was good enough to play the piano. Socializing is really healthy for developing good executive function. In the process of socializing people are actively incorporating selective memory and selective awareness into their consciousness in order to win social points. It is very good practice which can help reverse the kind of cognitive deficits that can happen in development if parents notice signs that the child is not behaving normally. This starts early in play. When preschoolers are playing they start using essential skills: “Take the situation where a child is taking turns. First of all the child has to have inhibitory control over what he or she is doing and let the other child take a turn. But when it’s your turn again you also have to remember what it is your supposed to be doing. So that also depends on working memory. If the children who are taking turns after you do something unpredictable you have to be able to adjust what you do next, and that requires mental flexibility. Children who are struggling with these capacities often look like they are not paying attention.“ Deborah A. Phillips, Ph.D. Department of Psychology and Public Policy Institute Georgetown University; “It’s just like going to the gym so that the more that you practice in these areas the stronger the neural capacity is likely to become because you are strengthening the neural capacity in those areas”, Philip A Fisher, Ph.D Oregon Social Learning Center, University of Oregon (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efCq_vHUMqs , Center of the Developing Child, Harvard University) A cognitive deficit is really part of a quotient that has mental age over actual age. Even if my mental age remained constant through developmental disability I had a cognitive deficit compared to others in my age group, especially in managing working memory and incorporating social awareness into my piano performances.In summary my piano playing suffered for two reasons: toxic stress due to school, and the fact that I had not gained high level abilities of social function. I was not being tested daily: being able to respond, for example, to social unpredictability on a daily basis. My mental networks were functional but comparatively disorganized compared to my peers. My peers had an overarching sense of social identity and had learned to become clones of each other. They had learned everything they needed to know through the social group.I wanted to develop myself independently. I was motivated to do so and excel. The point is that I couldn’t reach an intellectual stage because I was developmentally delayed. Executive function: mental flexibility, working memory, and inhibitory control. Think of an air traffic control system in the brain. Manage a lot of information. Remember what you are supposed to be doing. You use all these skills in social situations.Interesting thing about me 4The fourth interesting thing about me: I never developed an identity.While my peers were becoming clones of each other and learning their own identities, I had no one to construct an identity with. In addition I missed out on common associations that my peers made in order to learn “totems of maleness”. I believe the natural impulse of anyone is to get an identity that matches them: I am a male so it would be natural for me to identify with males. However, I was inhibited in associating with males. I speculate it was because people made me uncomfortable (Theory 4 of lack of social motivation, which is supported by the fact that I often sought to be out of sight of everybody and out in nature to relax). I continued to do a few social things outside of school, like Boy Scouts. However, I missed out a critical development window of developing colloquial speech, or informal speech. I will never get this ability, in English at least, because my way of speaking has become “hard-wired”.The organizing factors in my life were my mom and school. However, I speculate that I didn’t have enough natural stimulation in order to hold myself together emotionally. My mom and I didn’t communicate in the way that males communicate, and natural events of puberty were causing an emotional distance between me and my mom. There was little of emotional value in my life. Since this is highly irregular in the developing kid, I suffered depersonalization, emotional detachment, and the ability to put myself in the place of others. With the latter ability, I laughed when I put myself in the position of another person if there was something slightly amusing about the whole situation. For example: if I when taking my dog somewhere in the back of a pickup truck I would have been amused that the dog had no idea of my master plan. I had what you might call a flexible presence. I am sure it is due to lack of status, and due to lack of having to defend my own status. Using the dopamine system to defend your own status reinforces it, developing what Freud called the ego.The only thing evident about me was a lack of communication. Communication if done correctly opens up channels of dopamine including social aggression needed for intersexual competition. I have very few memories of myself. Didn’t have much of an ego or think a lot of myself.At the point in my life where I was thirteen I still had a lot of brain power. I paid a lot of attention in school, and still remember the things I learned to this day: like the names of the mathematical theorems. I remembered these things better than the average kid who tends to forget things they learn in school when they are no longer relevant to passing a test.However there were signs of lapses in mental function and memory. For example I would end up in my room and forget why it was that I had decided to go there in the first place. I was starting to lose the firm grip of control that had repressed me in Junior High School.Interesting thing about me 5The fifth interesting thing about me: is that around age 14 I suffered delusions. According to Theory 4 of my lack of social motivation: there was now a split in my conscious goals which I was working toward in pleasing my mom and getting good grades, and my unconscious which was trying to get away from people at all costs. According to Theory 2 of my lack of social motivation, my world was filtered by my low self-esteem. The self-esteem which had trickled down into my unconscious mind was now “coming up” with reasons why I allegedly was a bad person and why I had been rejected, the theme being that I was lesser than others (both theories would involve the amygdala and the prefrontal cortex, by the way).Theory 3 was that it was more a case of operant conditioning, with crucible events that had happened to me in Junior High School causing social distrust between me and my peers.All theories can be explained if the amygdala plays an organizational role in the brain, guiding brain development. In other words, the amygdala leads with a feeling and the prefrontal cortex explains that feeling to the rest of the brain.The amygdala “leading” resulted in a dominant theme to my mental illness. The only thing missing was the spark, which was a lice scare at an elementary school.Now the brain took over to construct its own reality, causing an allergic reaction on my head (not in my head), and convincing me that I had lice. This was full blown schizophrenia, happening to me at the tender age of 14. However, I got lucky in several ways.What helped me were the following: I was naturally non-communicative, I was aware that my unconscious was very powerful, and I was aware of the scientific method and in particular behaviorism. Being non-communicative saved me from telling anyone about my delusion and gave me time to study and test it, and being aware of behaviorism made let me test that my condition was not real. The crucial detail was when the incessant itching began, halfway between my house and the school when I was riding my bike. It happened so regularly that I was sure it was related to behaviorism.I then began a program of actively ignoring the itching once it started. This is called cognitive therapy, which I seem to have invented on my own. This was hard, because the illusion took more forms than just itching. In fact, I was never 100 percent certain that it wasn’t real. The most painful part was watching girls with curly hair start tugging at their hair if I sat next to them in class. It was a very active delusion. Interesting thing about me 6The sixth interesting thing about me is that I developed a thought disorder. I had refused to acknowledge my dominant delusion. However, schizophrenia still took a toll on my mental functioning. I was actively pursuing intellectual pursuits at this time, ages 14 to 18, so it is clear to me that I was developing depression, because intellectual pursuits like playing chess gradually worsened.Finally senior year of High School I became more emotionally dysfunctional and detached than I had ever been, getting myself kicked out of Boy Scouts in the process.However since this was a critical learning period for future skills, the fact that I was involved in several intellectual pursuits helped me out later in life allowing me to become multilingual in Spanish French and of course my native German by studying verbs, hyper lexical from frequent book reading, able to easily identify plants (a hobby), and good at science trivia, of course. Unfortunately, senior year I was afraid of failing the one subject that I had trouble with the first time of my life: English. I had trouble understanding poems, and I could not tell the purpose of the author of a poem in writing the poem. I was unable to see the big picture.I had struggled in math and science, but had eventually been able to pass those classes. Here with English I was coming against something I did not have the intellectual capacity for. Obviously my peers had well surpassed me. It was like giving Senior Level English to a fifth grader. Students in fifth grade can’t understand the intent of a complex poem. Due to isolation I also developed a thought disorder, as people do if they are left by themselves for a long period of time. It was a mental thought trap that sucked me in, and distanced me from reality, because all I could fantasize about was my one illusion of grandeur: developing a something that could float in the air indefinitely (it broke the laws of physics).Interesting thing about me 7The seventh interesting thing about me: once college started I was able to make headway again.I used cognitive therapy (again) to get out of my thought disorder.I decided to work on myself, as I have continued to do even after college. My philosophy was I would make headway, because improving one region of the brain would lead to improvement of the whole brain. I based this philosophy on the observation that savants, like Leonardo Da Vinci, are often good in several areas.As I developed expertise in the subject that came naturally to me: Economics; and I was able to observe my roommates. I gradually began to get familiarity with the world that my peers had been a part of and that I had missed out on. I had to learn the most basic things about what music people listened too, and other forms of cultural knowledge. I also learned about how the world functions by taking Economics. Improvement to normal took a long time: around fifteen years, but I am now able to do things that I couldn’t growing up, like play the piano so that people want to listen to it.Social anxiety remains a problem, because I become anxious with all contact, even on phone. However I engage in simulated social interaction with games like Triviador and news aggregators like fark.com (I read the comments and have been able to discern an emotional tone and context (aka. sarcastic or not sarcastic) of people’s remarks where I previously couldn’t).Summary:In summary I can define a certain type of reality called social reality. The stages of my disconnection from social reality can be linked to my schizophrenia. The fact that I was overly humble when I was under eight, my bad handwriting, my inability to smell my body odor, my inability to play piano, my emotional disconnection, and finally my delusions, are all related to the fact that I was disconnected from the social reality.