problemim on disability for bi polar. they say i have 1 and 2. i also didnt graduate high school and dont spell well. i dont have a history of hallucination. any way i had a headache for a couple days. i was haveing a little trouble focusing on objects. it just seemed off.i noticed i couldnt really taste liquor or smell it. it was cheap 80 proof vodka. i could gargle with it it wasnt abrasive. i bought another bottle of the same kind and didnt taste that either. i didnt drink them and get drunk i stopped because this was confusing. i thought maybe it was cut with something at the store but that seems far fetched.then later that day for a brief period 5 mins 10 mins maybe. i would close my eyes and see the inside of my eyelids, exept it was a swirling mass of blood and crushed bone with thin muscle and tendons attaching it possibly. i dont know how long my eyes were closed but it seemed brief. then somthing resembling the ball of gore slinked from behind the tv and down the hall. i got up but it was gone.is it possible to have light schitzophrenia? and if so does that sound like what its sort of like? also doctors said my bi polar progreses with age. does schitzoprenia progress with age?i would tell a doctor but i dont want to be labeled any more. also in jail i remember hearing people that were to far away for me to hear and i could tell they were talking about me but that was mild, the situation was just really tense. i also would smell burning when nothing was burning when id wake up and know one else would smell it. also black people and white people smelled different. black more musky or pungent and white more sharp like some sort of human chedder. both abresive niether better than the other. ive been told im delusional (about how i see problems, ive never mentioned what could be considered hallucinations) but i dont think so. all my problems are reality based i may just over react or see it from the wrong point of view. any way those are my other possible hallucinationsbut that was years ago and this happend yesterday. im 27this is extra i should probably add. theres was a whisper or a feeling i dubbed Anthony that would help me for a while. its not a out loud voice its more intuition. i feel like im betraying this feeling thats helped me this is actually pretty hard. but i read this and know thats not normal. so im gonna accept that and leave it. i have the urge to vomit from not deleting this last paragraph. but screw that i have to try to figure this out to a degree