Things were just terrible yesterday. Couldn't face one more minute of this torment so set up a noose. However my body just wouldn't let me go through with it. Tried to cut just enough blood supply so I would pass out but my body said NO WAY.Anyway the crises team came out and luckily I didn't have to go to hospital. They just confiscated the noose and that was pretty much it.Feeling a bit better today and SO GLAD I DIDNT GO THROUGH WITH IT. It would have destroyed my mum. I guess sometimes things are so bad that honestly they can only get better. Just takes timeMy old psychiatrist retired a few years ago. Since then there have been a number of locums but now there is a permanent doc. Problem is he is a ????.The hospital I go to covers a really deprived area so as a result few doctors want to work there. Therefore only the bad doctors resort to working there. I appreciate this is a sweeping statement but believe me it holds true.I used to see my old doc every 4-6 weeks. This new doctor only wants to see me every 4-6 months. He has said openly to me that he thinks the meds don't work for me so I should just make do. That instead I should go out more.I have tried to explain to him that I suffer from really bad ideas/delusions of reference which prevent me from going out much. He dismisses these experience as "anxiety and panic". Which I suppose they are but he doesn't address the cause of this panic I.e. The paranoiaI was a medical student for 5 years and I know when doctors have just given up on patients. Am pretty sure he thinks it all because I am not trying hard enough. He said I should "take responsibility for my illness". I told him I do that every waking moment when I deal with this deluge of strange ideas. I asked him if he was taking responsibility when he was pumping me full of atypical so which cause my metabolic syndrome and diabetes.If I was seeing him as a private patient I would definitely change doctors. But since he is nhs I don't know the procedure of changing docs. Can any UK people help?Had a bad episode yesterday. Was out at my mailbox when some guy in a red fleece walks by. Not sure why but I was certain the colour red meant he was surveilling me (doesn't make much sense).Anyway I ran inside and pretty much had a full on panic attack. I got chest pain and couldn't catch my breathe. This went on for about 1.5 hours. My as required medicine didn't help much so I just shut the curtains and went to sleep.So just woke up at 2am. Feel much better. Anyone else found that sleep helps?