Birth control? Schizophrenia? Anxiety/Panic? HELPPP!!!!So, I'm 23 years old and I'm a female. I have a husband and 2 children and worked in a high position at a hotel up until about 3 months ago. Some background info: When I was 12 I was going through A LOT! Many of my issues stemmed from being in what I felt was a disfunctional family. I had everything I needed but I raged A LOT. I would run away, rebel, fight, ditch school, drink and smoke to appeal to my friends and all the bogus that goes along with teenage b.s. Anyways, long story short I started cutting and one day a teacher saw it when I was in middle school and called my parents to take me to the E.R. At that starting point I ended up being hospitilzed 6 times as a adolecent for cutting, rage, running away, etc and I was 1 st diagnosed with depression and was given prozac. It made me angrier and so when I went back to the hospital I was diagnosed bipolar within the first 10mins of speaking to a doctor. My last trip to the hospital was when I was 15. I eventually grew out of my habits. I think I did a lot of crap due to being young and seeking attention. My family and I became convinced that I was in a dark phase and had problems transitioning to changes, and that I was never in fact bipolar. Well, I went on with my life for almost 10 years fine! I have anxiety, I always have.. but I ususally worry myself into a panic attack and then I would get myself out of it. I also think a lot and am a worry wart. At the end of Jan. 2014 I decided I would take a birth control. The mirena birth control aka the I.U.D. I had it in for 3 days only!!!!! I had to have it taken out due to it getting affected and causing me huge blood clots to pass through onto my underwear. It gave me a UTI and a yeast infection that lasted literally 2 months each and yea! freaken great! I thought that was my issue? that wasnt! After it being taken out about 3 days later I wake up crazy! At least to me it felt like I was crazy since I have never felt this way before. Now, in the past I was angry a lot, what I am about to explain is on some new dimension of scary to me.I woke up panicked, extreme anxiety, scared to leave the house, would cry for no reason, felt doomed for no reason, I was experiencing what I now know is derealization. I went to the ER 8xs the first month and have been hospitilized 4xs in the first 3 months. I didnt think my bc had anything to do with it, I actually thought it was me turning schitzophrenic because I was so scared and out of it. A nurse told me that she actually believed that it was the mirena. I went home and researched it and WOW! yup! I was having a "mirena crash". I eventually got my hormones tested and i guess a women is supposed to have a rating of 8-48 testosterone and I have 122. I then got diagnosed with PCOS. PCOS is what explains my rage all my life. Now looking back, I've always had PCOS..Well anyways.. it is now almost 5 months later and I am much better! however, I have anxiety and panic still. Not as bad, but its still present. I also have derealization pretty bad and all of this is scaring me making me think I'm developing schitzophrenia! I keep telling myself that It's just my hormone imabalnce and anxiety thats making me so scared of it, but It petrifies me! I have an unlce who had schitz and died from suicide 25 years ago. Rumor is it was drug induced. I'm not sure though. My bio dad has bipolar, ptsd, ocd, and idk what else. I'm just super scared that my derealization is the begining of schizophrenia. I havent worked in 3 months due to my panic and DR. Am I going crazy? could it just be my testosterone levels? could it be the pcos? could it be that the mirena messed me up? ? ? HELPPPPP!