Clozapine withdrawal.by cometB68 » Mon Dec 30, 2013 6:08 pmHello my name is Martin and I am 23 yeas old. The main topic I want to adress here is Clozapine withdrawal and to share a bit of my story so I can figure out which is the best move play in my current situation. I took clozapine for about 1 full year ( 300 mg/day at night ), I did my blood testing every week and there were no signs of white blood cell reduction and also there were no EPS. So far so good, however I used to sleep 12 to 18 hours a day!!! and feel pretty tired during all day, moreover I lost my libido ( I'm pretty sure I underestimated this side effect ), I also suffered from constipation and mild urinary incontinence.But my MAIN concern about clozapine use was its LONG TERM SIDE EFFECTS, and that's why I chose not to take clozapine on the LONG TERM and because there were no positive primary effects ( anxiety reduction, peace of thoughts ).I had a strong argument ( peaceful argument ) with my psychiatrist about psychiatric medication ( specially antipsychotics ) and we did not agree on their efficacy and safety but we did agree that I should stop taking clozapine. After this I only saw him a couple of times and I started reducing my intake of clozapine gradually. Each time I reduced clozapine dosage I suffered from strong rebound insomia during weeks but I endured it and the results were fantastic. As I reduced my dose I started to feel more and more alive, and much better in general health.Here is the PROBLEM: I'm not able to finish off clozapine, I have to stay in the realm of 50 to 25 mg to sleep decently. I have tried everything to sleep without clozapine ( melatonin, sleeping always at the same time, taking some morning sunlight, doing execersise, etc ) but I just can't sleep without it and even if I can my sleep is quite unrefreshing.I have read from other forums that clozapine CAUSES this kind of damage to the sleep architecture and I am starting to worry if this is going to be PERMANENT. I want to know your experiences in how you got off clozapine or other similar antipsychotic and what things you did to takle its withdrawal symptoms ( specially if you suffered from insomia ) like switching to other drug temporarily or doing some special kind of activity. Thanks in advance.