Hey I'm 18 years old and I been having textile hallucinations for all my life. My first one started when I was 12 were I thought my eyeballs would fall out and I also felt it too. I was terrified and perinode when this was happening. It happened for about a year and it stopped. I told my mom this and she told me it was in my head. But I didn't believe her cause it felt so real. My second textile hallucination was a few months after the first and lasted about a year. I thought and felt like I couldn't swallow any food only drinks. Which the doctors said that was impossible because usely it is hard to swallow liquid then it is to swallow food. But I was scared that it would get stuck in my throat and I would die. I didn't know this was a hallucination until my mom told me that it was in my head again. And then it was over in a year and I lost a lot of weight. My third textile hallucination was that I felt like bugs were crawling on my skin and I still have it everyday. Then I feel like my bed is shaking while I try to sleep. My fourth hallucination is when I feel like someone is touching my back or side and it feels like a real hand. But nothing is really there. And I felt like my hands would be cut off if I moved them to much or put them in water. It lasted about 5 months. Now my auditory hallucination is were I hear a female voice that insults me and threatens me. Sometimes says I'm worthless and can't follow what she tells me to do and she will get mad at me for no reason at all. She came to me at 4 years old and said her name was Shelby. When I was younger I heard the phone ringing even if it wasn't and I thought I was telepathic for a while like for example I would know who my mom was talking to on the phone and knew when a song on the radio was about to be played. My visual hallucinations started at 5 years old. First when Shelby talks to me she has her own personality. Has her own style of clothing and can change her outfit too. Once I saw her at school sitting next to me in class. She turned her head to look at me and giggled like she always does when I see her. And she winked at me before she turned away. After the last day of school I was in my room and saw Shelby and Bianca (another person I see) leaning on each others back and Shelby turned to Bianca and wisppered something to her. And then Shelby turned to me and said "Miss me" and she smiled at me while winking and she disappered. After I saw her I looked over at my door and saw blonde hair out of my corner of my eyes and she whispered to me for and hour till I went to bed. One year I was taking a nap and woke up and watch TV for a while. I turned on my other side and saw this big spider on my wall (and I hate spiders). So I got up really fast and just stared at it until my cat came in and looked at me like I was nuts. So I graves my cat and set her on my bed and pointed at the spider but she didn't see it. So I ran upstairs to get my mom and we got back to my room the spider was gone and we looked and it was no where to be found. And I seen the same spider for a month before it never came back. But I was afraid to sleep in my room for 2 months after that problem. My delusions are that when I'm at school I believe that the teachers were out to get me and some of my class mates were too. I thought these teachers were threaten me and making fun of me. Also at stores I get extremely paranoid and think someone is following me. Also a long time ago I believe that Hogwarts was a real place and that I was a Witch and that I was being protected by Dumbledore. When I told my mom she said it was my imagination and I shouldn't worry about it. But it started to get worse like you can't even imagine what I went though. I started to hallucinate that I saw Death Eaters around like following me. I thought I was Bellatrix Lestrange daughter and that she wanted me back. I even swear I saw her a my school once. I told my family this and they wouldn't believe me. I even hallucinate that Dumbledore was protecting Harry and the others and sent them to my house and went to school with me. And I would interact with them like they were real. Once I say Voldemort in my room and would refussed to go in afterwards. Just wanted to share my experiences and I haven't got dyinosed with anything yet cause I'm trying to find a psychologist.