Hello. This is long, but worth reading. I have been like many of you.. suffering from schizophrenia. However, at least for my case, it's been rather very light one, and what brought me to create this thread is actually the schizophrenia drugs. I've been on Zyprexa for about 4 years. It didn't give me much side effects except extreme hunger and making me sleepy. For most people, especially overweight, the hunger urge can be a real concern (diabetes, etc.). For me, I gained some weight, but it was hard fight not to gain huge weight. So somehow I gotten along with it. However, one day, the pdoc has decided to move me to a different drug, saying the Zyprexa effect has diminished. I couldn't imagine what would happen, so I agreed. Then I was put on PERPHENAZINE injection, which is typical (not atypical) antipsychosic. The side effects were horrific. I practically couldn't think, couldn't focus, couldn't even feel emotions towards anyone. All of this plus severe insomnia. Was into very much 'zombie' state. So after it's effect went away, after few weeks, I immediately demanded new drug. I was given Invega orally. Unfortunately the effects weren't much better. Pretty similar. I felt my mind is stuck into a sort of bubble, can't think straight, couldn't sleep at all. I could focus, but I went into depression because I coulnd't enjoy anything, except slight enjoyment from food. Pretty horrible as well... So I asked new drug, I was given Seroquel, which I read has slighly milder effect on the brain. It made me extremely tired, but after days I slept 2-3 hrs night on prev. drugs, I could finally sleep. And it's effect is indeed only slighly less harsh than Invega and the other drug. Though it feels like a constant drunk feeling during all day, even tho I took it the night before, which isn't very pleasant, but at least hardly I can feel some general pleasures and can think sort of straight. Still an annoying zombie-like feeling that doesn't go away though. So that's my experience, but how does that relate with the topic of this thread? It relates so that I'm determined to find a cure, or help create a drug, to take care of schizophrenia symptoms, without any or with very little light side effects. The side effects are so horrible, at best one will gain lots of weight with very increased risk for diabetes and its complications. At worse some meds will put one into a zombie state, without any enjoyments, without being able to think outside of him/her and enjoy thinking like a normal human being. What those drugs do, is that they completely block some dopamine and other chemicals signals in the brain. The drug companies don't care about our symptoms. They care about their $$$. The drugs may lessen one's delusions, but if the disease is light like with my case, and considering the horrible side effects mentioned, I would prefer being without any drugs than on those side effects which may ruin one's life literally... Dopamine is a chemical which causes enjoyable and nice feelings through the mind on the body. From my understanding, these drugs block those feelings. The drug companies aren't very considerate to create drugs that just balance those chemicals, if excessive, into normal. No. They completely block them!! So no wonder many many people define their conditions "zombies", because a human being without any enjoyments is like a dead person. Or indeed a 'zombie'. The entire essence in life is to enjoy and make others enjoy. These drugs hurt this severely... And I'm not talking about extreme enjoyments like from food or sex. I mean the every second in life the good feelings our bodies produce... and the enjoyments our thoughts produce... these are what those drugs take away from us. So I decided not to stay lightheaded, even tho I sort of am with the drugs effects, but I'll fight this. No I can't fight the drugs harsh chemical effects for sure. What I can, is to help create much better drugs, for me and for millions of others. And this is what I'm determined to do. There are two options. The natural approach, i.e. finding natural substances that may balance the chemicals in the brain without much side effects. From my understanding there are many, many options. Just an unrelated example that popped in my mind, a lemon is approx. 6000 times more effective at fighting isolated cancer cells than chemotheraphy. This is what studies show. This is an just an unrelated example of natural substance being more powerful to fight modern diseases than chemicals. As for natural substances effecting the brain, there are many. For instance, I know Chlorella (a natural supplement) help remove and dexotify heavy metals even from the brain. This is an example again. I haven't investigated throughfully what may be beneficial to schizophrenia patients yet. But I take this opportunity to ask everyone who is interested, to join our struggle, and help create better treatment options or drugs as soon as possible!! Our interest is not money. Our interest is the sake of others and ourselves. Only if we join our forces, we can succeed. I'm fully serious, this is no joke. The second option is to help create a chemical drug, that its target is to just balance chemicals in the brain, not completely block them. Completely blocking them is unnatural and may cause all these horriblesymptoms mentioned and far more. If a drug really just rebalances them into normal levels, then the disease is controlled, and a person returns being and feeling like a human again without any problems. For the first option, we will need knowledge and investigation. Luckily, plenty of information is avaiable through the internet. For the second option, we will need donators, and as many as possible, who are willing to put as much as they can afford into creating such a drug. If we all put just a little in, we could indeed make this possible. No, it's not a dream or a fanatasy. I'm here to act immediately and especially bring others to join me in the same spirit as well. For both ways, whoever will join me, and write me a useful email, will become an immediate partner. I'm not here to make huge profits on behalf of others like those drug companies... My goal is really to help myself and many others like me. I don't really care about the money. But if money is what what drivens you, it's ok too, since any motivation in this is good as we need some. By the way, if we do make such drug, its cost will not be high, like those horribly pricey drugs, to allow everyone to buy it. Anyway, we will become equal partners in every aspect. I swear, and I don't mind signing a paper if you don't believe my word. No, I'm not crazy, even though I do have this schizo... I believe no other should be defined 'crazy' because other inner essence, our souls are all normal and equal. The fact our physical bodies are prone to human made damages, which IMO causes all the modern diseases, is something else. I believe the chemicals in food and water, in medicine, air pollution and radiation all if these factors are the MAIN contributers to modern diseases. Most if not all, except viruses etc. So if someone's brain is effected by any of these factors, yes it can damage it and cause him to behave strangely and become sick. But my point is that even mental illnesses, those effecting the brain, are not 'soul' ilnesses. They are complete physical diseases as well, like all other diseases. OK I think my point is made. Please consider joining my struggle, for the sake of yourself and your loved ones. If you would like to suggest natural substances, and/or donate to our shared struggle - please email me. I promise to answer promptly and like I promised, if you are serious and provide useful info and/or sponsor our efforts into creating better drugs - you are an immediate partner, even business partner. Thanks for reading this long post, and looking forward for lots of useful responses.