Êbanned from another mental health chat roomIt doesn't really effect me anymore. You go in a room and start talking about measures that can be taken with or without drugs, at least giving it a college try and they fucking devoice, kick, and then they ban you.ÊIt's interesting how little voice we have in our treatment. Definitely not recipical. More one sided. No wonder drugs that primarily lobotomize with chemicals are so popular. Nasty fucking creatures human beings can be especially when they are in control.ÊI watched a blood brother, artist, and moderator become a demon voice troll moderator.Perhaps the crux was his work load in real life that demanded so much from him that he resorted to Klonnopin. "Benzos baby" can turn a good man or woman bad. I warned him and he reacted like a true addict and retreated and then came back to attack me and assume total control over his chat room. Not our chat room, but HIS.You see the weak human beings we are, mere specks in the universe that can look back at it's granduer, when we are beaten down, we have one of two choices, either we fight hate and celebrate diversity or we become one of those in the minority that has to control the fate of others in social circles.ÊI love this forum because it actually is a mental health forum unlike schizophrenia.com or nami.orgHere we have the power to heal ourselves and each other, by being so crazy we believe we can do it. What is to be done, man lots of work, real work not the kind they pay you for in society unless you get the chance to get on the dole. Real profound work that changes society.The threat of a moderator or op in a chat room is weak. Information is large and in charge and those that use it from the heart to create real change, don't ask for praise, don't ask to be loved for the work.... All I want to see is one prisoner set free from the slavery of pleasing the minority that dictates its will to the majority. I am not talking about the 1% of schizophrenics, I am talking about those that are the minority in charge .... Guess who?Lets assault the fronts as they are presented to us as a group. The time for tea pot dictators and change haters (even if they claim to be for change) is over. The other one percent is on a mission for real health care and real results, not more fucking drugs and disability or poverty or exclusion and stigma -- b so those that went to the school of books, can take advantage of those that went to the school of hard knocks.Ê