Because research strongly supports the factoid that our IQ's drop like ten points after onset. I perform at the "at least 120, maybe even up to 135" level. Standardized academia admissions tests said 130-ish (superscored ACT of 32) and my GRE was 306, equivalent of 1200 on the dot on the old scales. My shrink says the time I put into my work and results I get are evidence of an IQ of mid 130's. Now about the GRE...that ???? was on a computer and I practiced on paper and made between 315-324 on paper practice tests. The math section had a ??????? grade school calculator on screen while I practiced with a TI-84 plus. Anyways according to the GRE my IQ is 120. My work and everything else (including freeiqtest.com) said 133.Who else felt smarter before the illness? I remember not drinking caffeine or even taking any meds to function as an A's and B's student at an all honors international school. When the illness hit I made 2 C's. Ok they were in college level classes but still, not typical or in suit of my 3.9 I had before senior year of high school.We had this running inside joke where we would say "you're a sausage" in this really weird New York Jew accent. The guy who started it was Jewish. We had a thing where we would photobomb and also take pictures of me taking a ????. My friends would just open the door and take a picture of me taking a ????, the pics are on Facebook and permanent. We also referred to smoking weed as "snacking" and would say "we're gonna go buy some snacks" or "I snacked before school" and then when we got high the code word was "taco" and I would just get super ducking high and then be laughing and be like "dude ??????? taco"Reminded by @pansdisease last topic about his auditories ??????? with him about math...it does have answers to the universe but I hate it because it's scary. I don't want to be a mathematician but I am good at statistics. Well that's soft math, theoretical math makes me lose my ????. Like when I was being tutored for the GRE, I sucked at the fundamental algebra that most people nail and then I would nail the the statistics and word problems. I made a 149, = 590 on the old scale in quantitative reasoning. That's below average but not absolutely ????. That's the 37th percentile. More than half of the people who take the GRE score higher than I do- reverse plus more for verbal.???? math, how did Dr. Nash not lose his ??????? marbles until he was an adult?! I hated math and was OCD about it as a teen. I made As and still do but that ???? is disturbing. I prefer science over math. They can do the math behind my science, the SPSS program can. Thor damned computers. And math people, they're too sane. They recognize others as being less in touch with reality because they can write reality out on a chalkboard for years and years and never be wrong.Dude math probably helped me have my psychotic break, I was in honors physics at a prep school. The teacher was a dick, he got fired. As a person he seemed interesting but as a teacher he made it unnecessarily hard and other kids made shitty grades too.I don't need to know math behind how things like forces and natural laws and energy works no I lose my mind. Like physics and chemistry...chemistry kinda cool, physics is scary, chemistry made me want to live in a sterile Apple Store house.My brain. Mine. My psychosis. My coffee. My body, my knowledge. (My body is a lethal weapon) ???? it's like I'm waking around with guns that I can't even commit sucicide with. (My arms) I can hit very hard and elbow like I am insane."Like I'm insane" huh check your sourcesI sometimes forget to take my esopramozale magnesium (Nexium) before going to sleep. It always results in me waking up at like 4am. Here I am finally out of bed at 6am.I never forget my psychoactive meds, Nexium is for gastric reflux.Do you forget your meds? What happens when you do?I have funny thoughts when I wake up in the early morning like that. I think very strange runaway trains of thought. Like right now I am outweighing the mech battles vs the stupid ???? in the first season of Code Geass. Season two was like zero stupid ????, all mech battles, friggin world war with the damn things, season one was like this guy is like 17 and a senior in high school (BLOODY SLAUGHTER WITH MECHS WHILE HE CUTS CLASS) now hes back in school and its stupid, keep watching for season two, I promise its better, and an entire episode about a cat. 24 mins of my life wasted on a cat that had nothing to do with the world war. They just had to do that ????. The Japanese make no sense sometimes. I do want a Shiba Inu though, and I do watch anime, mostly violent anime...no wait, only violent anime. Its when its not violent that I cant stand it. Like one of my friends talked me into watching Madoka Magika. Two of them, actually, both quite nerdy. I was like WTF THIS ???? SUCKS by the end of that damn show. I watched Dragonball Z when I was like 14. I like Vegeta, he looks like me, and hes short. I remember some people in high school said I looked and acted like Vegeta, working out for like three hours after school in the weight room, eating ???? tons of food, having a widow's peak hairline, being buff, ect. I have nothing to do for like what six hours. Im going to the gym with a friend in six hours. I want to rewatch Code Geass, but I cant stand the stupid crap in season one, I seriously might implode if I have to watch the episode about a ??????? cat.??????? summer class starts in a week FMLSNL (saturday night live) LOL (laugh out loud)FML (???? my life) wowYou know my friend works at a crossfit gym and he has keys, so saturday night at like 730 we went and opened the place up because it was closed and blasted music and had the place to ourselves for two hours. I jumped rope and did some of my old ahem ass kicking conditioning like ab exercises (my trunk is like a tree) and one arm pushups and box jumps and crap and lots of jumping rope. I jumped on my right foot for a while and now my right calf is extremely sore. I think a really insane workout is comparable to sex, and I have done both repeatedly and obsessively. Sex might be a little better, but being a weakling while having sex doesnt sound fun, ugh thats just a nightmare--what if I didnt have muscles for people to touch?! Im probably not gonna have sex again for like seven years, I just got dumped a week ago and Im leaving this shitty city for grad school next fall. Grad school means probably no dating, I will be reading and reading and ??????? reading lift weights like im insane for a couple hours a week (oh wait I am) and then read more.If you read this whole thing, you need to watch Code Geass from start to finish and tell me it's not awesome. Or at least parts of it, the battles arent awesome. Best mech show ever.its time for more meds, the brain ones, by the way.I have no shame.I can do advanced, very hardcore lifting routines in even the worst states...I tore an abdomen when I was 20 whilst still psychotic from skipping my meds and smoking weed. I hadn't slept for two days.I just did my leg routine in like thirty minutes I knocked that crap out. Now I'm too brain dead to read and I'm just complaining. I even socially interact quite well like this.But I just can't focus due to agitation. I can't even read. I'll probably wake up recovered tomorrow.It's not like I can't read. I can't just sit down and think scientifically. I'm good at questioning everything I read, I even investigated dismantling of the intergroup contact theory and wrote about what I found and cited respected psychologists works about it. That's a bit advanced and ballsy for an undergrad but it's legit and one can read what I cited and find it to be legit.I just can't do anything but skim my eyes over lines of text and think crazy ???? instead of think about what I'm reading.Who cares it's Friday.But when forced to function 100%, when I have no choice, I can. I just don't have anyone or anything making me do anything today so I don't have any reason to do anything but what I feel like. I felt like working out like I'm crazy (I am) and complaining (which I am doing as of this moment).I don't quite understand myself. I don't have the authoritarian personality. I don't have obsessive compulsive personality. I just have a powerful mind and body and nothing to do with it.I'm still an atheist but a friend of mine, a real bright guy from the university brought me to a local church's young adults group a couple times. They're nice good people and they seem so good natured, but I totally don't believe in God and yeah Jesus was cool but I think of him as a historic figure like Siddhartha Gautama. I just wish these people didn't get together under the whole religion thing, they seem so cool.Anyways the church also has a NAMI chapter which I've been to and my mom goes to their caregiver workshop (my sister is bipolar and struggling, I'm fine).Really a contrast to the Catholicism I was force fed as a kid.I might just keep going and pretend to be Christian.In other news I think I know which school and which professor I have the best chance with for a PhD- this guy at Illinois Institute of Technology emailed me back in like an hour and said he's accepting PhD students, that and I read his work, he's obsessed with stigma. I am doing my undergrad thesis on stigma. Looks promising.I keep having nightmares and some nights they make me wake up in the early morning after going to sleep at like midnight or later.This is ???????? I need sleep to function academically I have a proposal to write which I started yesterday. I can hit the gym and lift and crap just fine but ???? for a good manuscript in APA format I need a good 7 hours of sleep. I just had four.Now I'm wide awake and agitated.Like ok I guess I'll workout way early and then work and then try to take a nap?My mom is up, I can hear someone downstairs.Derailment intervened, time to stop postI'm a scary vegetable.Vegetable which is carved into being scary with fire inside of it.Because I am a vegetable by default just sitting there drinking coffee reading or studying or drinking or smoking while conversing. But I go to the gym and go nuts lifting weights like its the last forty five minutes of my life. It gets results!Let's all be weightlifters and bro fist the other hardcore lifters and talk about lifting routines. Let's stay out of fighting. That belongs in my past.Let's get PhDs in clinical psychology and study highly intelligent patients with schizophrenia and write a book on them, featuring the author. Let's enjoy talking science and philosophy for hours a day while on vacation. Let's make straight As for the rest of our lives.Let's all be kings of our own little worlds.I read and have even cited lots of research on our cognitive deficits. I have things like derailment and short term memory problems and working memory problems with cognitive loads, lots of trouble at certain times, yet my theoretical thinking is outstanding. I'm pacing around thinking of an outline for the proposal for my thesis and I'm thinking things like this book said this and cited this which is in the back of the book so I will copy that passage or factoid and use the references in APA format in the back of the book and this here book is an all inclusive book on prejudice and discrimination featuring stigma which I will cite and further cite little factoids which it cites and I'm just thinking up an outline and looking at like 50 articles and thinking okay start with these as the foundation for the construct and then use these further studies to support my reasoning of why I am incorporating these methods here it's because this study supported this to improve efficacyI have done this sort of stuff repeatedly and I usually write things in one sitting and make an A, the last time I made below an A on a paper was because I cited one study, one case study and that's not modern apparently I got a C- and then made As after that.My parents are buying me a textbook on schizophrenia published in 2013 for my birthday, I will have answers to how and why I am capable and incapable of different things. I am dying to know.What cognitive deficits do you notice in yourself? I often go to a room and forget why I went there then go back then remember then go back to the room, it's hard for me to learn orders of things quickly, like boxing combinations, ect.