I need some help with my son. Schizophrenia or Psychotic Depby lyoung_123 » Wed Mar 25, 2015 10:09 amI took my son to MHMR to get check out after taking him to two different psychiatrists' whom I feel were money grabbing legalized drug dealers. They spent no more than five minutes with him and prescribed meds for anxiety and depression. He is 19 years old and before all of this he had a negative outlook on life... partly because he was bullied in school for most of his years in school. Eight months ago he started to have awful scary nightmares and problems sleeping. Within a month or sohe started seeing what he calls "images", that are morbid, sometimes containing creatures from movies he has seen in the past. He does not hear voices. He knows that these images are not real. Sometime the creatures are moving, sometimes they are not. He also sees people harming each other. They last from 30 seconds to an hour at a time and come and go all day long. He tried to go to college, but the instructor put on a movie in the classroom which had a man being buried alive and my son did not want to watch it because he was afraid it would get stuck in his head. He has not interest in showering and keeping up his hygiene. He has depression and quite a bit of anxiety and will not sleep in his own bedroom, so he sleeps in my bedroom with the lights on. He has no interest in having friends or relationships . The intake counselor believed he has undifferential schizophrenia. He saw the psychiatrist yesterday and he said he didn't want to jump to conclusions yet and and diagnose him with schizophrenia. He said he may have psychotic Depression. I am happy that he made that decision. He put him on Risperdal and Lexapro and klonepin for the anxiety and wants to see him in 2 months, unless his symptoms get worst, he want us to call him. I know from research that every case is different with schizophrenia. But I was wondering if any one can help me as I am having trouble finding information about psychotic depression. I really would like to know if he has schizophrena? I had an uncle with this whom was my godfather. Another thing my son told the counselor was when he was in the bathroom one day a part on his brain was tingling and felt weird and at that time the lights in the bathroom flickered off and on. I have never witness this myself. I'm sorry for such a long post, but I wanted to give as much information as possible. He describes what he is going through as pure hell and I want to help him as much as possible and support him to the fullest extend so he may recover from this. I suffer from anxiety and depression and panic attacks, but I am under good control with meds. Thank you in advance!!