Creative Writing Cornerby birrybob » Tue Jan 27, 2015 3:20 amI think it would be really cool if we started sharing written experiences. It's hard for me to talk about the things I see or feel with folk who can't empathize with me, but since this forum of people share a lot of commonality in experience, I think we can create some really wild and fun ideas if we put our heads together on it.Anyways, here is a story. It is not necessarily fiction or non-fiction, it is a story. Enjoy  He returned late that night, long after everyone else had gone home. A wet dew coated everything and left the cement dark, slick, and intricately textured. Strolling along the walkway he came upon that nostalgic sea of woodchips, from up rose a lonely construction of metal and plastic. Memories echo'd off the structure, to the distinctive tune of laughing children. Ropes and pipes and rubber defiantly objected to categorization, merely existing as abstracts, patiently waiting for eager young minds to conceive of their purpose."The ground is lava" murmured the solitary figure as he approached. A vertical bar towered before him, with oblong leaves of rubber branching from the core. As he set one foot upon the textured rubber the wanderer reflected on how every journey begins with a first step, then another, and another... and quickly he was ascending. From the top he peered into the misty night, a comforting fog enveloping his mind, stifling the sense of urgency which crept upon him so often now.With mechanical precision and a solemn regard for the mood, he drew a pipe from his pack. For a moment he contemplated it, the brilliant blue design twisting beneath the glass, the sticky sweet smell blending with the cool night air. Like a calm before the storm, that moment of serendipity hung about him like a veil. He raised the pipe, cool glass meeting and interacting with his lips. A crystal shiver of anticipation lashing down his spine to the very tips of his toes. A flint struck. No, a gunshot sounded, and the gates were opened, horses dashing down the track. The race was upon him and memories, sensations, and emotions leapt from the sidelines ever vying for his attention. But his focus was on the track, and his two companions at each side. They wildly dashed together, finally free from the stables of society. The destination was lost, but the journey had only just begun. One hoof, placed in front of the other, the stallion focused on balance and quickly he was ascending. He drew his chariot across the sky and knew, that somewhere, someone had just seen a shooting star.As the last embers faded he returned to reality, his physical sensations overpowering his commune with the spirit. He felt hunger deep in his belly, a dampness permeating his thin mittens, making them spongy, and a vague tickling of self-perception. Now the structure on which he stood became alive with the experiences of children, pure unadulterated innocence. Around him they play, with a deep chanting underlying the scene. He turned as a ghost might, and felt the positive energy flow through him. Eager to join the fun he turned to the curved purple slide. Trepidation struck as his mind's eye examined it, the plastic would be terribly wet it spoke. But with one look over his shoulder a foolish grin appeared on the boy's face. One small step forward, then another and quickly he was descending, a shrill and mixed chuckle of glee escaped as the world turned round and round, plunging him towards the boiling lava below."The ground is lava" he remembered a wise man once spoke.Thanks for reading, and post your own writings/poetry/whatever! I'm sure we'd all like to share a little 