Hi, I'm 18 years old and for years and years I've been doing something really weird on an almost daily basis. Whenever I'm alone, I run (even in the smallest of places, like a closet) and I completely immerse myself in my imaginary world. What I imagine changes based on the things that I am currently into, like what TV show I am obsessed with. I hear and see the characters, and I am typically the main character. I need to do this daily or else I feel so, I don't know, stressed out. I won't do it in front of other people and I'm always worried that someone, like a family member, might be watching. I've been caught a few times and it's so embarrassing, but they've never known what I was doing. A few years ago my dad's girlfriend came to me, worried that I might be running around like that because I thought that I was fat. I didn't know what to tell her. I don't know if this all counts as hallucinating because I know that it's not real and I am in total control of it, but at the same time it controls me. I hate having to do this all the time and I feel like I could get more done if I was like other people. I also have real trouble with explaining myself verbally, but I've gotten better. MUCH better. My father has told me that he thinks that I might have autism or selective mutism, but I don't think that he's ever taken me to see anybody about it, and he really doesn't know the half of what goes on in my head. I'm afraid to tell him about it all because it is embarrassing, he never seems to care much about my problems, and both he and his girlfriend have called me retarded (but I think that they are drunk when they do this and I still love them). I'm afraid that he won't act on it and will just poke fun at me for it, like he sometimes does about me being autistic. I'm worried about being schizophrenic because now I will be going into college soon and joining the "real world". My problems didn't affect me too badly when I was younger, aside from getting bad grades (I have a big memory problem) and not making many friends because I'm a spaz and I can't express myself so well, but that was okay because I never cared about school and I preferred being alone anyway. But I had a waitressing job recently and my boss would scold me for always looking sad, but I can't help that - I ALWAYS look sad, regardless of what I'm feeling (another reason I had trouble with friends)! And I don't want to be an adult who does everything that I do, and there are more things that are problems for me but I can't remember what they are right now. Here's what I want to know: Does it sound like I might be schizophrenic to you? And does anyone know of a way that I could get in contact with an expert without having to do a face to face? I don't want my family to find out about it, and transportation is an issue for me. If I could email the or call them, that would be very helpful. Thank you!