My partner's grandma died. My mom called me and a lawyer told her that if i didn't turn myself into the courts of the county that a warrant would be issued for my arrest. I called the number she gave me and the lawyer on the phone said i had until wednesday the third to pay them 296 dollars and that would hold of court proceedings for 30 days. Or i could turn myself in, serve 90 days in jail and then pay back the check into cash place that i owed but it went from 232 originally that i owed them back in 2009 to being over 1900 dollars now. I tried to explain to them that i'm on ssi and i'm sick so i can't come up with much money.I got some advice from someone to call a legal aid lawyer. So i did, they are taking my case pro bono. She assured me that i'm considered judgement proof since i'm on ssi and mentally ill that if a judge was given this case they would laugh the other lawyers out of the court room and no judge would put me in jail. i was suppose to hear from her today, but i haven't yet so i gotta wonder what's going on.I just can't believe someone would pray on someone who is sick like me. My mom even told them how sick i am, and they couldn't have cared less. This really activated my paranoia, all day i've been watching out the windows scared that my lawyer couldn't convince that other lawyer to not send the cops out after me.One of my old pdocs told me this was unusual. I see these little monsters. Sometimes just one other times hundreds. I can hear them in the walls they skitter like cockroaches. My old pdoc i told right away about them and she said it was unusual for patients my age to see little monsters like i described. I don't know if she believed me or not. I haven't told my current pdoc about them for fear he will lock me up or not believe me. i started seeing them about a year after my illness started at first i thought it was just stress induced since at the time my partner was about to have surgery on her ovaries for cysts.I saw the first one in a coffee cup i was drinking out of so i threw the cup across the room. Then i started seeing them more and more. Should i tell my current psychiatrist or wait until they become a problem?My day is a terrible one. My mother in law's mom passed away so everyone is up north. I was told that i can't be there since they worry i might flip out. Their words not mine. I wasn't really close to her but my partner loved her like her own grandmother. I cried for a minute or two but that's about it. I think sometimes the medicine affects my emotional responses.I've also been getting pressured by my parents to move closer to them. My mom wants me to take care of her. I don't know if i can handle that much responsibility. My partner may have temporarily lost her job which my mom thinks is good since there is a hardees just down the high way but i'm not comfortable with my partner riding her bike down the high way.I've been paranoid lately, i walked a mile to the nearest store a few days ago and i thought the dogs were talking to me and the small bugs on the bridge over the river had tiny cameras on them and were following me. I forgot to take my meds that day and the night before.