I see my long time therapist one on one about once a month and it's usually a 45 minute or so session depending on how it's going.When I was younger, family therapy did help me. We were lucky to get a good therapist who really stuck to the parameters of positive communication. There were some rough conversations, but all in all, it turned out Ok.These days... sometimes I'm doing well and it is only 30 minutes. Sometimes I'm not doing well at all and it's a full hour.Sometimes when I'm really not doing well I'll book twice a month. Sometimes I'm doing really well, and I'll e-mail.Plus I can vent at my support group which I've been going to once a month. Sometimes I go more often, other times I've skipped months.I was wondering how other people were doing?There was a time that I hallucinated very heavily and what I saw was a whole lot of writhing snakes... huge spiders... consuming fire... and I would always hear screaming.Then the meds got switched up and things in my mind calmed down... and the writhing snakes and huge spiders went away... and I then would see things out of the corner of my eye...now it's here... now it's gone...For a while I would see and hear a cat... it wasn't a fire breathing demon cat.. it was just an old tuxedo or black cat just laying around... or walking or floating. That was easier for me to take then what I used to see.Then my meds got upped and tinkered with again... and the ghost cat went away.This morning a cat jumped on my bed and began to meow... that freaked me out a bit... until I realized... my friend dropped off his cat after I went to bed and now my sis and I are cat sitting again. No big... just amazed how much my brain has calmed down from just a two years ago.The past three days have been going a bit rough for me...There has been a little family stress... and work got a bit busy so I got over stretched on top of it... now it's a holiday... this one I have to bow out of. I'm lucky my family understands.The voices have been sort of acting up... I've been fighting off some negative sneaky brained thinking... I've been having a hard time even getting through some of the basic stuff I need to do...my spelling and concentration has been harder to keep on top of... my brain has been erased...I still recognize I'm doing better then I have been in the past... but not doing better compared to last week.Since I do get a lot of hope and a good energy when others are in a good space...What has been going well with you?to count my luck...I still have a roof over my head.I still managed to do what I needed to do at workI'm still kickingif all goes well for me... it might rain later and then I won't feel so guilty about not getting out and taking care of the weeds in the garden.