First time considering for realby HornedCapricorn » Sat Mar 21, 2015 6:56 pmSo,I am officially diagnosed with Paranoid Schizophrenia since 2009. I didn't really think this is correct. I thought I'm DDNOS and relate to persons with Depersonalization the most.Then today I find this article http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/03/1 ... 85856.htmlIt turns out my right index finger IS longer than my right ring finger. And my left index finger IS shorter than my left ring finger. A coincidence? Sure...but the thing is it has made me for the first time legitimately question myself..."Am I REALLY Schizophrenic?"Here are my symptoms for almost 12 years...1) Dissociation2) Feeling inside out and out of body3) "Feeling energies" of people/objects/thoughts/ideas4) Paranoid that people can read my mind5) Hearing voices in the form presented as telepathic communication6) Blank mind in place of a functioning thought process (lack of self inner monologue)7) Delusions of grandeur and messianic complex8] Existential delusions on nature of reality (truman show? Dark city? The matrix? etc? etc?)9) Constantly NON STOP for 12 years seeking an answer to "fix" myself (actually non stop, every moment for 12 years has been dedicated to looking for a way out of this "state of mind")10) Time. 12 years feels like one long moment and I don't feel my age, I feel eternal and infant like, as well as feeling frozen inside the age I was when this began (16)The meds I take, perphenazine, since 2009, mask the hallucinations and delusions/paranoia for the most part. -- Sat Mar 21, 2015 12:02 pm -- This story begins in 2001----------------When I was 14 I smoked weed for the first time. And I liked it. The second time I smoked I had 10 minutes of depersonalization. It went away and I continued smoking pot for another 2 years. During that time I would skip school with my friends and smoke weed in the the Park. And I would smoke weed at my friend's after school. I would come home and smoke by myself before bedtime. I was reading Philosophy books during this time and I began to work on myself psychologically. My self confidence began to improve and I became quite popular at School. Well when I turned 16 I was a Sophomore. And then when the school year ended was when my self confidence really sky rocketed. In July 2003 I was invited to an amusement park with friends. Well I was so high on life that the best weed they could find didn't effect me at all. I felt literally on top of the World that day and my motor skills were very fine tuned, I felt like Superman. This wasn't meant to last and over the next week I grew increasingly paranoid. I was getting lost in peoples eyes because I thought I could shift my own perspective and see where they were coming from.Then in the middle of July of 2003, I went out with two friends, and we smoked some weed. At this point my grip on reality was slipping away. I was unable to drive my car, and so my friend was then driving. We went to a park they called "Leprechaun Park". We walked through the path and I was afraid a girl ghost was following us. I also felt like the path was like an escalator and we weren't moving but the path was. For some reason, in the middle of July, I could see my breath in the middle of this park.At the end of the night I ended up driving myself home. I was very far away from being in the moment. And when I got home it was 2 AM. Both my mom and my brother were still awake and they were worried where I was. We were sitting at the table in kitchen arguing. I felt like my eyes were twitching from the inside and I knew I was having a psychotic break. I ended up sleeping on the floor in my mom's room. And I felt deep inside that I was going to die that night. The cat climbed on my chest and laid there, and I felt a little calmer. Well I closed my eyes, and as if I had blinked I opened them and it was morning already. There was no time lapse between night, blink, and morning.I woke up knowing I was now mentally ill and one of the first things that came to mind was how at least I would know what it's like for my brother now, and that I wouldn't be alone in this sense. I felt outside of my body, a ghost. Nothing looked the same yet nothing had changed. Everything had lots any kind of meaning to me. I didn't recognize a thing, didn't recognize myself, family or friends. I no longer felt emotions or experienced memory. My mind was blank of any thought process. I knew who people were, but I didn't experience them the same way anymore. Everyone might as well have been strangers, including myself.In the beginning I felt energies, in place of physical reality. It was as if I was living on land my whole life and then was dropped into an ocean during a hurricane without a life jacket, raft, or even knowing how to swim. I also felt a sense of spiritual depth in reality. And I thought I was receiving messages from the television, music and etc.Well everything had changed forever. And I thought maybe I could still smoke weed. The first time I smoked weed was maybe late July 2003. Outside of a movie theater with a friend. The moment I lit the bowl there was lightning/thunder directly above my head, (when there was no other thunder or rain that night). We were going to see Bruce Almighty. The entire movie I didn't even notice a second of it, I just panicked and sat there while the entire audience laughed and I felt like I was so far removed from their reality.Going back to school after that summer was very difficult. I didn't have a thought process and I couldn't look people in the eyes without being taken over by their energy. So I just pretended to sleep on my desk, since I couldn't actually fall asleep feeling like I did. I still smoked weed with my friends at school but it never got me high. Instead it just made my feelings and delusions 100 times worse. For whatever reason I kept smoking weed for 2 years. It was during that time that I started developing hearing voices, only while on marijuana. But I've been sober from weed since the Summer of 2006. And the voices only progressed getting worse.What I hear is voices of people I know, and I feel their energies. It's always been presented in my mind as a form of telepathy. And they seem to read my mind so I feel I have no privacy of mind.One time after smoking weed I went home to my dad's and went to my room and laid down. I started hearing a storm of voices and it's always a painful existential experience. The voices got more and more worse, until there was a silence. In the silence a different voice appeared. It seemed to come from the center of my brain, very high pitched and almost as if it were made of actual sound. It said "Do you know who this is?", I replied "No."...and then it seemed to smile as it said "God." Now I don't remember much of that conversation but a few things I remember. After the connection seemed to be lost to that voice, something happened that I'll remember always. There was a bird outside the window that started to "Ka Ka Ka Ka Ka" and then other birds joined into this song. The sprinklers outside the window became part of this song. And the cars passing by on the road too. A dog barking as well. All sounds I could hear were a song. And somewhere there was a drum beat. That was the most beautiful song I've ever heard and it lasted for about 10 minutes. That is probably the only hallucination I've had that was pleasant.Fast Forward to me living in Berkeley, (2008). I had just gotten out of the mental hospital for the first time. And my son had come down with a fever. My GF and I take him to the hospital and they say he needs a spinal tap. So they transfer him to a Children's Hospital in Oakland. I was taking Respirdal that they gave me at the mental hospital. Well while my son was in the hospital bed I was hallucinating that our lion blanket was morphing into different faces, a skull, a monster, etc. Also the machinery hooked up to my son, I thought was a Raptor, (dinosaur), in a parallel dimension. I was seeing many "alternate realities". I could hear a Dragon that I apparently awoke from centuries of slumber. I also thought, (and when I say thought, I mean to me that was how it was), that the workers of this hospital were Nazis. Well my GF and I had an argument and I was told I had to leave. At this point I believe that the entire Earth is a Dragon, and it wasn't as big as we were told. I also thought the Sun in the sky was it's Baby Dragon being held captive, and the sunlight was it's fire breath. Well I was thinking at this time that I was meant to escape to another reality, where I thought I came from. I thought I had to walk to Muir Woods above San Francisco, where I would enter a portal to this other realm. So I began walking, in Oakland, during the day. All the while I was believing there was a conspiracy against me. I ended up walking in an entire circle right back to the Hospital after about 2 hours of walking. I had a moment of clarity and realized I should check myself into the Hospital ER. So after walking around the Hospital several times I was able to locate the ER. They checked me in and put me on a bed in the hallway. I thought I was a Nazi Lab Rat made to believe it was a human. I thought that dragon from earlier was causing the apocalypse. I saw the FBI watching me from the sliding glass ER door. Which every time that door opened, the scenery outside was completely different from a few seconds ago. Different Buildings, Cars, Trees, it was different every time the door opened, which happened about 10 times. I saw army generals along with the FBI, watching me, I saw my boss from work, I saw a future version of my GF, I saw much much more. After some convincing they accepted my request to be transferred to the mental hospital I had been at a week before. On the way there, with my eyes closed, I could see an alternate reality where insectoid aliens were living on parallel with this reality. Well I get to the mental hospital and they checked me into the ER. The ER of this place has beds and chairs where you could sit for several days before they let you into the official wings of the hospital. Well I'm laying there hallucinating that the walls of the ER are being morphed into Egyptian Temples. There are many strange people in this place including a guy in a wheelchair that calmed himself "The Hitman". Well at one point I'm believing if/when I fall asleep I'm going to get attacked by the 20+ people in this ER room, and turned into a vampire.I fall asleep and wake up and they still haven't talked to me. Some time later they call my name, "________". This black guy stands up and says "I'm _______!" Well I'm not really caring at this point so I wait to see what happens. He comes back into the ER room about 10 seconds later, looks me dead in the eyes, (I had never talked to this guy), and he says "You just met the Devil."... then the doctor says "Will the real _______ please stand up?" So I go talk to them for a minute where they tell me they aren't going to accept me, they gave me a bus and train ticket and told me I could leave. So I do and I take the train back to Oakland and head straight to the Hospital where my son is. I'm still hallucinating a lot of things at this point. At the hospital they don't let me see my son and have me talk to my GF in the main waiting room. I drive her car back to Berkeley and go to sleep until the morning when I go back to work.Now I don't remember the timing of when this next part was, but while I was working the customers were morphing into werewolves, vampires, aliens, insectoids and all other kinds of things. I just kept scanning their items and kept it all to myself. So I know I left ALOT of what I saw and experienced during these times out of this, but just know what I've written is just the tip of iceberg.When in October of 2009, I had that mental breakdown where I stayed awake for 5 days straight with no food and 1 cup of soda to drink. That was also pretty bad but that is the last time I've had a mental breakdown. So that's why I love my meds so much. And no I wasn't on any drugs during these times. I have been sober from illegal drugs since 2006, including weed.----------------October 2009 EpisodeDuring my 5 day episode of staying awake hallucinating, I didn't eatat all and had only one cup of soda the entire time. I literally believed that the food was actually made of things different. LikeI thought some cookies were smashed down and cooked eyeballs. Ialso thought the soda was actually blood. So that's why I wasn'teating. One of the delusions was that the reality was being anillusion of what it really was...eyeballs = cookies and etc.In my minds eye I was seeing many visions. One of them was that I was in an alternate galaxy, a Jedi Master. I was sitting with Yoda,Samuel L. Jackson in the Jedi Council Room. Also the founders of"Project Camelot" were Jedi Masters as well. They were sent hereto this reality to handle a great threat...me. I was responsible forturning them into Humans, whereas before they were animal people.Somehow I had turned their universe into much less of what it had been, (think like a slice of bread turned into crumbs). But myenergy had only turned the equivalent of one bite of the bread intocrumbs. There was a lot more but it's hard to describe in words.I also was in contact with Vin Diesel in the form of Riddick. Ibelieved I could use an energy ball that I called "A-Teacup" andthought my mind destroyed Atlantis with A-Teacup. I had lots ofscary $#%^ too, like the mask from the saw movies. I felt it on myface and couldn't get it off, (like having a trigger ocd from the news). I believed my cat was a demon...I believed I was shifting into different dimensions...I experienced being in the afterlife and they couldn't decide whatthe hell to do with me because I "wasn't on the books". These kinds of things lasted the whole 5 days at which point my brother stepped up and called a taxi to take me to the hospital.It didn't stop then but it's hard to describe what I experienced.That's when I first got on perphenazine and for the most part haven't gone off of them for more than a few days at a time maybe 5 times since 2009.