ÊBogus diagnosis? Long term use of antipsychotic drug to induce psychosis?my parents dont seem to be good problem solvers and only know to seek medicine as the answer. my father is a gp doctor. my mom suddenly took me to see a psychiatrist when i didn't seem to have psychosis symptoms but only some emotions around my being bullied out of work a few times in 2001. the psychiatrist on first visit seem to show a tendency to label anyone he saw as having a problem and prescribed me pills. he claimed the pills nurture the brain and my IT career tax the brain heavily so i believed him being a partner to support my mental well being. i didnt suspect or check anything but was wondering why i was given a pill to take as if the doctor has to act like he is doing something for me. i faithfully took the pills prescribed, which were low dosage of ambilify, serdolect, solian, risperdal etc giving me some side effect such as disappeared sexual function, weight gain, dullness, tremor. it never occurred to me that the pills made me sharp or smarter or feeling better in any ways or solved any problem in life. i continued to do some IT work and being forced out from job to job whether it was due to politics, the econonmy or myself. in the end i was given zeldox which seems not to give me the side effect of dullness, sexual dyfunction or weight gain. i certainly sensed the withdrawal symptom if i forget to take a pill once, i would remain sleepless (insomia) for the night. i only take it at night to avoid drownsiness at work. then in jan2014, while i was in the office looking through some email and data, suddenly my first psychotic epidsode came with hallunciation having a stream of icons and data flooding into my eyes, and my brain feel out of control and wanting me scream aloud and taking off my restrictive clothing. i sensed something is wrong and kept myself restrained and went home immediately to turn off all stimulants like phone and screen or light. i recovered after sleeping. that is my first true serious epidsode of psychosis. i was shocked when i did a search on the net to realise the pills i took are for schizophrenia which was apparently a very lifelong disabling mental disease. the new psychiatrist now heard that i want to find someone to hug to seek comfort, and he says this is abnormal behaviour. he up my dosage from 60mg to 80mg per day. after reading conflicting information on the net, i start to worry am i being damaged due to long term exposure to antipsychotic drugs. now everyday, my legs have muscle twiching and my hands tremor. of course i have other side effects as documented on the net such as dry mouth. i saw some info about schizophrenia symptoms such as social withdrawal, loss of motivation etc which seems to describe myself. but i didnt hear sound or have strange beliefs. i only know by now if i read an article on wikipedia on a computer jargon, it may give me anxiety to the point i cannot continue to focus to read to digest the complex learning. it gives me anxiety to the point i would stand or sit uncontrolably or feeling tired to seem like non functional as a person. after reading on the web about the controversy about potential damages of psychiatry or its drugs, i start to worry. i am aged 41 male, single with no lover, and having no money in bank, now surviving in a low level waiter job instead of some it career like i did in the past. i wonder is my life screwed up? my psychiatrist does not like the idea to let me come off the drugs and warn me against relapse. i wanted to taper off since by now i experienced the out of control mind, the side effects, worsening tremors and it seems to me the antipsychotic drugs didnt improve anything at all. i wonder if i was being misdiagnosed with a bogus issue just after being observed by a psychiatrist and whether these drugs taken long term convert a normal person into a sick patient that has to rely on the drugs for life and not getting any better by any means. i was thinking if im more suspectable to stress and with disorganised or unclear thinking and having my abilities damaged. i am wondering if i am having memory problems. and what they said online sounds very disturbing and opposing what the psychiatrists are doing to me. there seems 2 opposing groups of people who is pro antipsychotic and against it. i think if you talk to a christian he would ask you to believe in god. if you talk to another type of person he would ask you to believe in his belief system. so talking to a psychiatrist would naturally get you hooked into their worldview. im wondering if my life is being trashed by now because whether they say im someone with early psychosis and getting prescribed low dosage drug for schizophrenia, i have been on the drug for so long and now experiencing epidsode and/or uncontrollable anxiety behaviour at home.