Borderline Bipolar, Borderline Schizophrenic
by teanami19 » Fri May 01, 2015 8:27 pm
Okay let me explain what this means. About a month ago my psychiatrist (I've been seeing him for about 2 years now) said to the effect at first he thought I was schizophrenic but now he said he thinks I'm borderline bipolar borderline schizophrenic.

He later explained to me that when I came to see him the first time it was very weird what I was describing to him. I was a complete mess back then. I was paranoid, heard voices and sounds and felt things that weren't really there. I couldn't sleep because I thought there was a witch watching me from outside and she put a curse on me. I had extreme mood swings throughout the day every day go from happy to suicidally depressed in under a minute to just mildly depressed to dancing in my room at 2am. I was extremely depressed most of the time though and I could barely handle doing anything dealing with life. Something as simple as getting out of bed or calling my dad or doing laundry would stress me out so much I would start crying and get very angry I'd throw my phone against the wall or I'd be crying severely doing laundry or getting ready for work.

He then said at the age I came in to see him that's when all this usually starts to come up and that the fact that I was put on medication stopped it from developing in further. That's what I think he meant when he said 'borderline' schizophrenic and bipolar. Which to me I'm not really sure what my diagnosis really is in the end, lol. 

My mother has bad OCD, was diagnosed bipolar and paranoid schizophrenic. My brother just recently saw a doctor and though I don't know his diagnosis they put him on Seroquel to help him sleep and for his voices. He was diagnosed paranoid OCD when he went to jail but he was doing drugs at the time so maybe a diagnosis of schizophrenia can't be made when your under the influence.

Has anyone else here had a similar experience/diagnosis? And what does it really mean that my doctor and I caught it at the start so it's under control??
