Someone relate. Be crazy with me.I've never verbalized any of this. It's just time I tell someone;I'm totally alone. I can't tell my parents, and only one other person kind of knows. I don't tell her the extent of it all though. I'm just really starting to see that I've never been normal. When I was extremely young, I was convinced that whenever I got into the shower that I was being watched through secret cameras. I would go through significant efforts to try and find the cameras, too. I would examine soap bottles, shower heads, I'd stare at the bathroom ceiling non-stop. Utterly convinced that my parents were watching me. I was convinced that any bad thought I had my mom would hear. There was literally no doubt in my mind. I could never sleep alone, either. In my head there was always someone in my room watching me. I was anti-social to kids in school, and disliked all the adults around me. I still generally don't trust anyone. I hardly even like anyone. I don't even socialize with my family anymore- it's just impossible for me. I'm genuinely paranoid of everything, too. I can't go places alone. If I'm in a crowded place I feel like everyone is looking at me, and everyone is thinking about me. Not in some teenage cheerleader narcissistic way though. Whenever I walk in even relatively empty places by myself I am convinced that any and every car or person is waiting to get me. I even get convinced that someone is continuously watching me and planning on how to get me when I walk home or through my neighborhood. When I was younger, right when my bus was out of site I became instantly terrified and ran for my life home. I'd fumble with my keys like a maniac once I got to my house door, even though there was no one around me. I was just certain that I had to get inside as fast as possible and that there was someone there. I can't be in my house alone without being terrified. I get so scared over nothing that I sprint through my house and outside to my parents. My heart beat legitimately increases to the point where I feel like I'm in a life or death situation. It's like hardcore panic attacks. I hear things constantly. It feels like they're whispers that I could hear if I listened close enough. At night especially. When I try to fall asleep I hear things. I get convinced it's whispers, and that I need to strain my ears to hear- no matter how terrified I am. There is no blocking them out. I even hallucinate frequently. Things move out of the corners of my eyes, becoming shadows, people, faces, creatures. I'm constantly unable to sleep at night so I have to sit and try to convince myself that I'm okay when I'm so scared that I'm shaking and almost crying. I also cannot leave my bed at night. Not even to go to the bathroom. I get too scared. Too.scared.to.pee. I also have to have my dog with me in my room at night or I can't even be in my room. I'm straight up terrified of the dark, too. Since 6th grade when I would ride the bus home I'd get paranoid that someone was reading my mind. I would try to monitor what I was thinking so that no one would hear my real thoughts. I would do that in class, too. I'd get scared that in my future I would be in a position of power and that any essays I wrote throughout school would be brought up to the surface, so I basically would write as if the FBI was reading and examining all my homework. I even thought that there were vampires at my school- coexisting, but secretly plotting our demise.Vampires. what. I've believed that the world I am currently in is most likely a work of my imagination. I've thought that my "parents" aren't my real parents and that my life is a giant cover up. I used to think that my animals could understand me and telepathically talk to each other, and even have full access to my mind. I think that everything that happens in life was supposed to happen, and that there was no way of getting any other result. Basically that we are like actors in a movie, following scripts. Even if we're all unaware. I think that the world gives me signs, too. Little things for me to decipher and use to help me in life.I'm just always scared and lost in my mind.I wonder about OCD traits in me, too;"Intrusive sexually explicit or violent thoughts and images." "Superstitions; excessive attention to something considered lucky or unlucky.""Counting, tapping, repeating certain words, or doing other senseless things to reduce anxiety.""Dermatillomania"I want someone to know what I'm going through, or to tell me they've had the same. Please. I hate feeling like I'm insane. I'm angry or scared all the time. I need emotions. I'm just lost.