Just wondering who was on and how everyones day went?I woke up at 8 am. Got around grabbed a coffee. Hung out for about an hour. Drank 4 bloody Mary's had a nap lol. Eventually ate with my mom, grandma, and brother, that's when symptoms started to bother me. Can just ignore it when I'm around strangers.Bought my cat a scratch pad. He's been scratching at the couch in secret and I don't want to get him declawed. I might have to in the end.There is catnip in there but he hasn't really figured out that he can scratch at it yet.Will see how that goes.Got a little fuel left in the tank. Looking to chat with some people.I'm doing well here. Thing continue to mellow out. Got a bar I frequent now, for coffee and alcohol. Probably stop in there to often. There are a bunch of acquaintances that I'm thinking will soon become friends. They are all modern good folks. I don't think any of them know I'm schizo but I don't think it'll affect anything. It probably would anywhere else. But no, not at this place. I have gotten to talking about it with a few people but they were just customers like me. I don't plan on saying anything if I don't have to. Perhaps snowy owl is right, maybe it was just drug induced and I might be finally crossing the threshold out of it now that I've found peace with myself and have more of a life to distract me.I probably won't be around as much, but I'll be sure to stop in when I've got down time. There are a lot of people on here I think about. You all have helped me so much.2.5 weeks until I see the doc and maybe get switched over to prolixin. This will help me feel comfortable on a higher dose. Which I probably need. Between now and then its just a waiting game.Really though I feel an incredible amount of peace these days. It helps me to control the hallucinations. Can even phase out of it at times. Conversations still always bring it back.I've learned a lot from this telepathic perspective of myself. I've pretty much quelched all my fears. Got some other reassuring things happening in my life too. If I can feel like I do at this moment in all future moments well life will be good. There is just a subtle anxiety to interacting with people. To me it feels like people can't tell exactly whats going on with me, in reality though they can't.It really is socializing that saved me. That is my hobby in itself. Talking up bar folk. Trying to let go of the self consciousness that lead to this illness. There is no need for any of that.People are pretty weird though. I'll say that much, even the normies. They're either to stupid to know they're weird or they're nervous just like some of you or me.That's a long enough post. Take care yall.This time I mean it. I want to be able to sit in one place for a couple hours. This isn't my first attempt at quitting so I sort of know what to do. Absolutely don't smoke. Try to learn to think like you're not a smoker. Preoccupy. Control your thoughts control you're habit. This is what is next for me on the road to recovery. I feel the time is right. I have sanctuary now. I have clarity of mind and good focus. I know I'll feeling really ??????? proud of myself if I can cross this threshold and I'll be healthier too.I don't even like the buzz. It's like a woozy disconnected feeling. I smoke more than I should just to avoid that.I'm kind of worried about the head aches I get but I've got Tylenol and what not. I can control my environment now and I feel no need for escape.Wish me luck folks. This stupid habit has got to go.How are you doing in this regard @jukebox?Total relaxation. My mind is almost blank. No voices, no psychotic thinking, no sexual thinking. It's all blanked out. I'm not even mentally looking at my genitals. I thought I'd eventually get to this point and I can't believe I've made it. The ambien was key but there has been a lot of work in the last couple years that has led to this the ultimate internal state. The animal mind.I could feel excited about it if I wanted. But that would offset the blank slate so I don't empower that feeling.I do believe I will be able to fully recover now. I have no internal guilt in this state. It is the asexual mind. Soon it will be how I feel at all times without question.I know it effects how people see me as well. It gives me more confidence to operate out of this state. And that changes how people perceive me.I can be comfortable now. Like an animal that has had its food and water and released its excrement and has found a cozy place to just exist until it falls asleep.Had to learn to cope with all kinds of things until I learned I could stop thinking about all of it and just focus on the self and what I want to do.The psychosis has shown me how to become the apex of what I want to be in my mind.I could allow myself to feel great but that would offset the blank state.This is the pinnacle state that the Vulcan mind can attain. Elimination of emotions, sexuality, self consciousness, all that it left is to operate as rationally as possible in each moment. You don't ever feel awkward for you know that people don't mind silence. When you speak you speak tactfully and with purpose. You get people's attention because they know you are in control.No internal conflict or distraction at all.So I've moved out now. Got pretty much everything up and running. Life is good, psychosis is pretty manageable. Got some level of confidence back through a lot of socializing.@77nick77 I bought a bissel for 47 bucks. Will let you know how it works in the long run. Just a simple canister vacuum. Decided I didn't want to drop 200 dollars at this point. I have a shop vac for the tough stuff.Will be going out tonight.The coffee shop girl put a heart in foam of my mocha. Lol not meant to be an innuendo. She might do that a lot for people.Take care folks. Hope you all are doing well. Feel free to pm me if you want to chat.