Well, I don't really know if anything's wrong, or if i'm just overly paranoid, so I figured i'd see what you thought... I always feel as if someone's watching me. 24/7, wherever I am. Even this second I think someone is watching me. When I walk around at school, I feel as if everyone is staring at me, either judging or just looking. I can't eat in public because I feel everyone watching me as I stuff my face, and I fear I may chew weirdly. Whenever anyone is talking, I think they're talking about me and how stupid or immature or something I am. Whenever I go in a bathroom, I have to look into every mirror to see it's only me, and then look closer to see if it's a two way mirror. Depending on where I am, I check the closets and cupboards to make sure i'm alone. In public bathrooms, I have to make sure i'm the only one in there. And then I have this thing where I can't stay on the toilet for a long time or else something may come out of it... O.O and same goes for when I flush it. I feel I have to be out of the room before it's done flushing or something is going to come out and kill me. I'm also afraid of the dark. When the power goes out, i'll start screaming, then i'll run and wrap myself under a thick blanket and lie very still for however long it takes till the lights are back on or someone comes home. I can't seem to trust anyone either. Whenever I meet someone, I automatically think they're talking to me for kicks, or that there's some other twisted reason they're even coming to me. I can't help but think no one in this world actually would like me. For instance, my 'best friend' has a friend who has a huge crush on me. But in my eyes, it's my 'friend' trying to set me up with him so that he can take advantage of me, her at the same time, and in the end everyone would wind up laughing at me. It's a lot more complex than that...I just can't really explain it. O.O and i'm just wondering if it's possible I have some sort of issue, or if it's just paranoria.