So, there may be old stories of certain beings that can make alterations to a person's mind/brain causing them to act out of the ordinary. So here is what voices in my head are saying: "Okay, you can do alot of things with a person's brain. The brain is a computer of sorts, anyone that has hacking knowledge or in depth knowledge of computer viruses can probably guess what we are saying right now. These are some things you can do: Make a connection with a person's mind and speak to it directly. You can also use pre-programmed voice repsonse systems and they can speak to a person's mind directly. You can effect the software and hardware of a person's mind as well. You can even see what a person is seeing and hearing and feeling and tasting, all of it is information in the brain. If you snip this or rewire that you can even trick a person's mind into thinking someone is speaking to it. When a person is speaking to another there are functions and processes that occur, make a few alterations and your own thoughts can appear as someone speaking to you in your mind. Anything that you can imagine, and that which you cannot, we can do to the brain. We can cause visual hallucinations, auditory, taste, touch, smell, even pain. Yes, when you break a finger it's only in your brain and we can induce pain in the brain and you really feel it but everyone just thinks you are crazy. On top of all of this we can track anyone in many different ways. We can even know everything you are thinking, not to worry though because you aren't even choosing that, not like it's your fault the things that you think. In closing, we are straight up murdering this guy typing right now. We are torturing him and he is going to die because of it, we really are. All that spirits and magic ever were using was advanced knowledge and technologies. Look into it you idiots. This schizophrenia thing perhaps ain't what you was thinkin huh?" So thats a voice in my head typing that. It sucks. Help? Can i please have some barbital? If i don't poison myself to death slowly they will hurt me badly, can i please just have some barbital? Gettin painful, gettin really painful. They even get physical sometimes, shocked me, burned me, and bent my spine once. They're crazy! Im seeing the future at times, voices know things, it's wierd, they know things that i couldn't and say them just to let me know they have a real cause. And then there are the what appears to be other beings appearing, strange entities that shaman see to. It's just terrible and there isn't any hope for people like me. Get me out of here. Euthanasia should be an option for people like me, it really should, it's nothing but a bunch of conflicting money grabbing psychopathy down here. Im perfectly capable of making such a desicion. They just want their money and are crazy so they say no. So i suffer on and on and on.