ÊSchizophrenia and studyingHi All,Got a question for you all, but first let me paint you the scenario... I am schizophrenic (diagnosed quite a while ago now) and even though I try to work for a living, I find it totally overwhelming and stressful, so I now live on a disability pension. I don't like being idle or a waste of time, so I study various things at college. I have completed mental health and counselling and am now trying my hand at youth work (I have this vision I would be a great worker for young people with mental health challenges).I am now totally feeling overwhelmed by all the assignments, presentations and exams I have to do. I also have to do compulsory vocational placement in order to complete the course. The teachers, though polite, are very specific about the quality of assignments we hand in, right down to the style of referencing we use (Harvard Vs APA referencing). They scare me and so does the amount of work we are required to hand in (it is much different to the other courses I have completed). I have assignments due almost every week up until Easter, where I will have about 4 assignments to hand in at once!When I am stressed out, my schizophrenia decides to act up. I hallucinate more and become paranoid. During my last course (counselling), I ended up hospitalised twice for a month at a time.ÊSo here's my question... should I tell my teachers about my schizophrenia? I decided to tell one of them and her reaction thankfully was positive and I found out she is quite helpful as her son also has schizophrenia so she knew about the illness. I am scared about telling the other teachers and the vocational placement officer. I don't want them to think I am using it as an excuse to get special treatment or extensions on my assignments. I missed a class last week due to my schizophrenia acting up (I was hearing constant derogatory voices, making it difficult to concentrate). I let the teacher know I wasn't coming in on that day, but made no excuse for the matter.ÊMy classmates don't know about my illness, I figure I am not going to be a social martyr in the name of mental health. The less they know, the better off I am. Maybe I will tell them at graduation (if I get that far)?Anyway, thanks for reading my epic post (sorry about the length). Comments welcome.