Schizophrenia ... Is this me?? ... Please help..Hi. I just wanted to speak on here to see if what I'm going through could be signs of schizophrenia. I'm really scared and confused..I am off work now with depression, experiencing lack of concentration, fatigue, constant mood swings. The doctor prescribed me with antidepressants. After 2 weeks on this I felt even worse and didn't want to sleep, felt like I was in a bubble and not me anymore. I told the doctor I had voices in my head. There is a good and a bad person. He changed my meds, saying this will help with the sleep, and is referring me to a psychiatrist. Over the last few weeks I am hearing these voices all the time. I now see the voices in my head. The bad is always on the right hand side in my mind the good on the left. The bad person laughs at me and is horrible to me. The good person in my head that used to talk is even now scared of the bad voice. I was that scared the other night I put a pop up tent in the living room and slept in that. I now go in it when I feel bad. I went out the other day with my partner and I thought this man was going to get me I was petrified and want to go home to the tent. I keep thinking back to my past and if I have ever felt this bad beforeThen loads of things came into my head that I had been passing off as 'normal' that really aren't. I used to sit on my own in my room when I was younger and talk to myself and would rather do that than interact with people. I have always been an over thinker and worrier, but I just feel something really bad is happening to me now. The voices I'm hearing are in my head but getting stronger. There are several voices in there who are constant so I can't sleep. I have headphones in to try and get away from them but they are in the songs now. I have also had three occasions where I have smelt burning plastic or rubber and nobody else can smell anything??. Also shadows are turning into things like demons at nighttime which scares me. I am still waiting to here about my referral, and schizophrenia hasn't been brought up other than me searching for answers which brought me here today.