 Escaping into fantasy worldsHey, so I'm bipolar with schizo tendencies (delusional, paranoid) I have anxiety depression ptsd and abandonment issues. I've been officially diagnosed with depression/bipolar with schizo tendencies and ptsd, I take anti anxiety meds so I don't know if that's an official diagnosis, anyway, when it comes to being delusional, the first time it happened I didn't know it wasn't real, because I never knew I was delusional, the problem came about when I was 18. I fully believed in blood sucking inhuman vampires, wearwolves, and I believed I turned into another person at night, a witch with a different name. No one could convince me that all this didn't exist because my mind never tripped out like this before... honestly I loved it, it was a dark fairytale, and I was living in it. I wish I never snapped out of that one lol. Sooo being so frustrated that no one believed me I was trying to convince people, so they got weirded out by me and left. Ever since I snapped out of that one, I still am delusional, but I always question the delusions if they seem unrealistic, making it hard to decipher what's real and what's not. My last delusion was that I found a long lost little brother, I wonder if the reason I had that one was because the males in my family are pretty distant, and scattered, that it felt amazing thinking "a missing link" a long lost little brother was trying to be in my life. I read that sometimes people create fantasy worlds as an escape. I dreamt of this guy a few years back, at least twice. I was so convinced it was him in my dreams, but who knows. Anyway, I've had one bad delusion, which lead to a lot of unnecessary drama. Well, for the most part my little fantasy worlds are awesome, I love living them because usually* they're great. It's weird, because in the real world when I come out of my little isolation cell I can come off as normal, but as soon as I'm back in my little "chamber" at home lol, I start falling back into my fantasy worlds, the ones I love, I wonder if my mind creates them as protection from falling apart. Either way, as long as it's a positive delusion I love having this problem, I just wish I never said anything in the real world about it, cuz obviously the average person labels me a complete wacko lol. I'm SO happy I found this site, and looking forward to meeting like minded friends, because I personally find that better therapy than sitting in a therapists office. I'm remaining anonymous because in the real world I'm humiliated to talk about this after being judged so much over it. You can call me Faith (it's not my real name) but I am a girl in my mid 20's just looking for some like minded friends to vent to and listen to their unique worlds too.  feel free to add me. 