Supplements for schizophreniaI posted a while back on using supplements to treat my son who has had schizophrenia for more than 10 years. We have learned more since then, and my treatment protocol is better now, both because we have found that more B6 is needed than I thought before, and also because we have found that if you have enough B6, then most people won't need to take extra magnesium. I am posting this because maybe some people are interested in trying to find a successful supplement treatment. There is no way to know if it will work for everyone, a person would just have to try it to see if it helps them. This supplement protocol only takes about 3 days to start seeing improvement, so it doesn't take long to do a trial. No need to stop taking meds or anything like that. Unless the person is completely normal on medications, you should be able to see some sign of improvement. My son always has heard voices, even on medication, so it was easy to tell that the supplements were working. Here is a list of what we have found to be required:Niacin or niacinamide 3-6 grams a day, in 2 or 3 doses. My son takes 2 grams of niacin 3 times a day. 6 gram of niacinamide will make a lot of people nauseated, but a lot of people tolerate 3 grams a day. If you take niacin you have to build up gradually to get over the flushing stage.B6 we use P5P (activated P5P) 600 mg a day in 2 or 3 doses(this will probably be 12 capsules or tablets, which gives 400mg of B6)Keep taking until dreams become vivid and then lower dose to 300 mg a day. Usually the first night dreams will be more intense, and then they will be less for a few nights before they start to intensify again.folinic acid OR methylfolate These are forms of folate. The folic acid that is usually in vitamins isn't the best form. 3-4 mg three times a day. If the person has fatigue or a headache or feels anxious or nervous, then they need a larger dose. A good multivitamin with copper, zinc and higher than the RDA for the B vitamins. For instance B1 and B2 should be up around the 1000% range of the RDA, not 150%.Vitamin C 1 gram 3 times a day.That's all we have found that we need. You can probably divide these into 2 doses, one in the morning and another in the evening, but we are using 3 doses right now.It is a good idea to check the RBC minerals and supplement any that are low.If a person suspects that they have gut dysbiosis, then they should take molybdenum, 500 mcg a day, in addition to the other supplements. Our son does have gut dysbiosis from taking a lot of antibiotics when he had a ruptured appendix followed by an abdominal abscess when he was 13 years old and when his RBC mineral test was done several months ago, his molybdenum levels were extremely low. Molybdenum gets rid of the acetaldehyde from candida which causes brain fog.