ÊSchizophrenia is a StigmaSchizophrenia is an illness for stigma even it's name is alarming, the splitting of the mind. It's sad that it has came along way from mania dementia to schizophrenia.ÊI'm not sure how it relates to witchcraft. People who were accused of witchcraft a long time ago were burnt to the stake. This is from my understanding. Somehow, a long time ago, possibly, a witch cursed my family, and so we have schizophrenia in our family. Society seems to think that schizophrenia people are the ones doing the cursing. Schizophrenia is caused by environment and genetics, I read that drugs can also, cause schizophrenia.I was diagnosed four years ago with paranoid schizophrenia by a psychiatrist at a homeless clinic. I ended up there somehow with my psychosis, delusions and hallucinations, and amnesia. I think I could have had amnesia with all the trauma.ÊI'm back with my family now, I'm remembering some of the family. I had no idea who I was. I acted on these thoughts. My voices were quiet but powerful. They controlled my life for many years. I ended up divorced, in jail, at homeless shelters, and suspicious of those I knew. I drank and smoke and was rowdy, loud, rude and completely opposite from who I really am. Before, I was a perfectionist, learning disorder, anxious, sweet, kind,fatigue, panic attacks, introvert, good student, perfect mother, loyal, trustworthy, and caring. I had eating disorder issues.ÊI was a psychology student at a university, I even studied pathological disorders, abnormal psychology, aggressive psychology and social psychology. I never thought I would get schizophrenia. I'm wondering with the panic, terror and trauma if I have personality disorders.ÊRight now what helps is prayer, amino acids, lecithin, vitamins, vegetable juices, keeping active, writing, transformational journal writing, water, family support and online support, brain exercise games, sound therapy, educating myself on my illness, and my overall character